Last Name	First Name	User Name	Order of Submission (1=first)	Final Score	Question 1 text	Question 2 text	Question 3 text	Question 4 text	Question 5 text	Question 6 text	Question 7 text	Question 8 text	Question 9 text	Question 10 text	Question 11 text	Question 12 text	Question 13 text	Question 14 text	Question 15 text	Question 16 text	Question 17 text	Question 18 text	Question 19 text	Question 20 text	Question 21 text[lastname]	[firstname]	Student36	1	0	2 - Somewhat confident	2 - Somewhat confident	5 - A Little Too Fast	4 - About Right	6 - Agree  (I am almost definitely learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	5 - Agree Slightly (I am likely learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	7 - Strongly Agree	6 - Agree	5 - Agree Slightly	4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree	6 - Agree	6 - Agree	On Piazza|Via E-Mail|Via Phone or Teleconferencing|Via another chat application	No Answer	6 - Significantly Better than other OMS classes	5 - A Little Better than non-OMS online classes.	5 - A Little Better than other college courses.	6 - Very Good	"Week by week outlined clearly

Assignments have clear direction and expectations. No nonsense assignments, each has a purpose."	Have a Mentor contact you by email the first moment they try and contact you. I missed the mentor piazza post and had to catch up.	Great course. Best organization and weekly objectives of any class. Assignments are straightforward but force you to expand on your idea. Peer feedback done well.[lastname]	[firstname]	Student66	1	0	2 - Somewhat confident	2 - Somewhat confident	4 - About Right	4 - About Right	6 - Agree  (I am almost definitely learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	5 - Agree Slightly (I am likely learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	7 - Strongly Agree	6 - Agree	2 - Disagree	1 - Strongly Disagree	6 - Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	On Piazza	No Answer	5 - A Little Better than other OMS classes	6 - Significantly Better than non-OMS online classes.	4 - About the Same as other college courses.	6 - Very Good	I like the freeform nature of the class in that we can define a project and then build it from the ground up.	I strongly disagree with mandatory class participation and it should have little to no impact on your grade. It is difficult to strike a ba[firstname] of participating without having clearly defined objectives with which to participate.	No additional thoughts.[lastname]	[firstname]	Student53	1	0	2 - Somewhat confident	2 - Somewhat confident	4 - About Right	4 - About Right	6 - Agree  (I am almost definitely learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	5 - Agree Slightly (I am likely learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	6 - Agree	5 - Agree Slightly	7 - Strongly Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	3 - Disagree Slightly	On Piazza|Via E-Mail	No Answer	5 - A Little Better than other OMS classes	6 - Significantly Better than non-OMS online classes.	6 - Significantly Better than other college courses.	6 - Very Good	"Depends a lot on the class, but I think peer feedback is very helpful in courses with this structure (weekly short-assignments, projects), that way I get 5 opinions (counting the mentor) for each assignment. "	"I haven't really used Udacity that much to be honest. Couple of suggestions:
1) Promote"" it more through piazza and through mentors. Something like ""you might want to review this from udacity"" to enhance your project. 
2) Present that information in another platform, it would be much easier to navigate through a normal webpage structure rather than by clicking in the udacity video sections. "	No Answer[lastname]	[firstname]	Student18	1	0	3 - Neither confident nor unconfident	3 - Neither confident nor unconfident	4 - About Right	4 - About Right	4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree (I am unsure of whether I am learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree (I am unsure of whether I am learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	2 - Disagree	2 - Disagree	2 - Disagree	2 - Disagree	2 - Disagree	2 - Disagree	On Piazza	No Answer	3 - Not Quite as Good as other OMS classes	3 - Not Quite as Good as non-OMS online classes.	3 - Not Quite as Good as other college courses.	3 - Poor	No Answer	No Answer	"In this course we (students) are moving in so many different directions and this has made experience with this course a bit uncomfortable. A. Piazza Experience •À_ For this course piazza is not as much helpful as it was in my previous two classes (KBAI and SDP). Both courses were structured and students were (mostly) posting/discussing topics relevant to that week only. In both those courses it was easy to get help and discuss with peers. More importantly I was able to judge my position in class or compare myself with the rest of class by rea[lastname]g posts (like how am I performing compared to the class? Am I going too slow? What challenges others are facing? etc.) But not in this class. Every time I login to piazza I am overwhelmed by all the posts. There is more noise on piazza and you have to filter from all that noise to find any relevant material. B. Peer Feedback •À_ How am I supposed to give feedback (that also adds some value) to my peer who has spent three weeks in researching a topic and I don•À_t have any hint about that topic. Most of the time I am giving and receiving statements like •À_I like your idea•À_ and •À_Good Luck•À_ which does not add any value. I think peer feedback is best suited in classes where all the students are following and moving in the same direction (classes with planned course outline). Peer feedback is not much help in this class."[lastname]	[firstname]	Student1	1	0	1 - Very confident	2 - Somewhat confident	3 - A Little Too Slow	4 - About Right	7 - Strongly Agree  (I am definitely learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	7 - Strongly Agree (I am definitely learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	6 - Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	6 - Agree	6 - Agree	3 - Disagree Slightly	7 - Strongly Agree	On Piazza|Via E-Mail	No Answer	6 - Significantly Better than other OMS classes	7 - Enormously Better than non-OMS online classes.	6 - Significantly Better than other college courses.	7 - Excellent	More focus on research which is how master's level courses in other programs work. Too many courses in OMS seem like undergrad courses with a focus on canned assignments and proctored exams.	Reduce the frequency of assignments and make them longer. I'd rather do a 1000 word paper every other week than a 500 word essay a week.	I'd really like to be able to take this course again for additional credit so I can do further research and development of my topic. Sixteen weeks isn't enough time.[lastname]	[firstname]	Student2	1	0	2 - Somewhat confident	2 - Somewhat confident	4 - About Right	4 - About Right	6 - Agree  (I am almost definitely learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	5 - Agree Slightly (I am likely learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	5 - Agree Slightly	6 - Agree	"4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree 	"	4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree	3 - Disagree Slightly	6 - Agree	On Piazza|Via E-Mail|Via HipChat|Via another chat application|Other (please specify below)	peerfeedback	5 - A Little Better than other OMS classes	7 - Enormously Better than non-OMS online classes.	6 - Significantly Better than other college courses.	5 - Good	The ability to select my own term project.	"Writing assignments thus far have had significant overlap. I don't think that's necessarily a bad thing, but perhaps would prove more useful if we varied the medium. In other words, is there another way to accomplish the intent of PS, A1, A2, and MP by utilizing a format other than ~500 word paper?"	"Nope. Enjoy the class so far, adds variety to the OMSCS program which I think is unconditionally good. "[lastname]	[firstname]	Student67	1	0	2 - Somewhat confident	2 - Somewhat confident	4 - About Right	4 - About Right	7 - Strongly Agree  (I am definitely learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	7 - Strongly Agree (I am definitely learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	6 - Agree	6 - Agree	6 - Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	6 - Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	On Piazza	No Answer	6 - Significantly Better than other OMS classes	7 - Enormously Better than non-OMS online classes.	6 - Significantly Better than other college courses.	6 - Very Good	"The main element I would like to see is the mentor component. My mentor so far has been great at gui[lastname]g me in the right direction when developing my project idea. This would be of great benefit to other classes when it comes to gui[lastname]g a group of students on assignments, projects, or rea[lastname]gs of difficult research papers. "	"I think if we could cut down on the ini[firstname]l assignments it might help by using that time to focus on research. Sometimes, I feel like I am repeating myself on these ini[firstname]l assignments. Maybe replace it with a group hangout session with your mentor. "	"Overall, I am enjoying this class and love rea[lastname]g all of the stuff that is shared on Piazza."[lastname]	[firstname]	Student68	1	0	3 - Neither confident nor unconfident	4 - Somewhat unconfident	4 - About Right	5 - A Little Too Hard	2 - Disagree (I am almost definitely not learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	2 - Disagree (I am almost definitely not learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	3 - Disagree Slightly	2 - Disagree	5 - Agree Slightly	4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree	5 - Agree Slightly	2 - Disagree	Via E-Mail|Via Phone or Teleconferencing	Google Hangout	2 - Not as Good as other OMS classes	5 - A Little Better than non-OMS online classes.	3 - Not Quite as Good as other college courses.	3 - Poor	"I like the mentor strategy, but I don't know how the other course work."	I would like to see more structure and differen[firstname]tion in the beginning assignments.	No Answer[lastname]	[firstname]	Student33	1	0	2 - Somewhat confident	2 - Somewhat confident	4 - About Right	5 - A Little Too Hard	6 - Agree  (I am almost definitely learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	No Answer	7 - Strongly Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	6 - Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	6 - Agree	On Piazza|Via E-Mail|Via Phone or Teleconferencing|Via another chat application|Via the OMS Google Plus group	No Answer	7 - Enormously Better than other OMS classes	6 - Significantly Better than non-OMS online classes.	6 - Significantly Better than other college courses.	7 - Excellent	No Answer	No Answer	No Answer[lastname]	[firstname]	Student20	1	0	2 - Somewhat confident	1 - Very confident	4 - About Right	4 - About Right	6 - Agree  (I am almost definitely learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree (I am unsure of whether I am learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	7 - Strongly Agree	6 - Agree	"4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree 	"	6 - Agree	4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree	6 - Agree	On Piazza|Via E-Mail|Meeting in Person	No Answer	7 - Enormously Better than other OMS classes	7 - Enormously Better than non-OMS online classes.	7 - Enormously Better than other college courses.	6 - Very Good	"Weekly digests, structured assignment schedules."	Less peer feedback.	No Answer[lastname]	[firstname]	Student70	1	0	1 - Very confident	1 - Very confident	4 - About Right	4 - About Right	5 - Agree Slightly (I am likely learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree (I am unsure of whether I am learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	6 - Agree	5 - Agree Slightly	5 - Agree Slightly	3 - Disagree Slightly	5 - Agree Slightly	5 - Agree Slightly	On Piazza|Via E-Mail|Via another chat application	No Answer	5 - A Little Better than other OMS classes	6 - Significantly Better than non-OMS online classes.	4 - About the Same as other college courses.	5 - Good	"the fact that you have activities every week, it is easy to plan ahead"	No Answer	"piazza is too overwhelming to me, it is hard to follow unless you spend hours on it."[lastname]	[firstname]	Student61	1	0	2 - Somewhat confident	3 - Neither confident nor unconfident	3 - A Little Too Slow	2 - Too Easy	5 - Agree Slightly (I am likely learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	5 - Agree Slightly (I am likely learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	3 - Disagree Slightly	5 - Agree Slightly	7 - Strongly Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree	On Piazza|Via the OMS Google Plus group	No Answer	6 - Significantly Better than other OMS classes	6 - Significantly Better than non-OMS online classes.	6 - Significantly Better than other college courses.	6 - Very Good	"1. Peer feedback
2. Students that are interested in helping each other and not just a grade"	"1. A 'recommended' structure for lectures. I am going through the ones I think are important but I may be missing something.
2. Improve Library access. I purchased 2 papers for this course because I could not find a way to get them through the library digitally. Another student suggested a paper and it was behind the GA tech library site and I was unable to reach it through the link provided."	I think the student staking this class are extremely high caliber and cooperative collaborators. It is making the class very useful and fun! [lastname]	[firstname]	Student63	No submission																						[lastname]	[firstname]	Student24	1	0	2 - Somewhat confident	2 - Somewhat confident	5 - A Little Too Fast	4 - About Right	7 - Strongly Agree  (I am definitely learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	7 - Strongly Agree (I am definitely learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	6 - Agree	6 - Agree	6 - Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	5 - Agree Slightly	7 - Strongly Agree	On Piazza|Via E-Mail	No Answer	6 - Significantly Better than other OMS classes	6 - Significantly Better than non-OMS online classes.	6 - Significantly Better than other college courses.	6 - Very Good	More Research based projects.	Maybe the assignments could be better defined to make clear distinction of the requirements.	"I think [firstname] and TA's are doing an excellent job of making sure the students are on track to pursue their field of research and very diligent in answering any questions.
By far one of the best OMSCS courses I have taken.
Keep up the good work!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student71	1	0	2 - Somewhat confident	2 - Somewhat confident	3 - A Little Too Slow	4 - About Right	6 - Agree  (I am almost definitely learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	6 - Agree (I am almost definitely learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	6 - Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	6 - Agree	6 - Agree	4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree	On Piazza|Via E-Mail|Via another chat application	No Answer	5 - A Little Better than other OMS classes	5 - A Little Better than non-OMS online classes.	7 - Enormously Better than other college courses.	6 - Very Good	No Answer	No Answer	No Answer[lastname]	[firstname]	Student3	1	0	2 - Somewhat confident	2 - Somewhat confident	4 - About Right	4 - About Right	6 - Agree  (I am almost definitely learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	5 - Agree Slightly (I am likely learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	6 - Agree	2 - Disagree	5 - Agree Slightly	4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree	7 - Strongly Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	On Piazza|Via E-Mail	No Answer	6 - Significantly Better than other OMS classes	4 - About the Same as non-OMS online classes.	5 - A Little Better than other college courses.	5 - Good	Open-ended problems that is student driven. This is how a Masters course should be taught. Personalization and Differen[firstname]tion.	"More mentor involvement. Since the capstone project of the entire course is student-driven, more concise guidance by Mentors would be beneficial. Regardless of the Mentor's background / experience with a given subject, having a second opinion is critical for this environment."	#NAME?[lastname]	[firstname]	Student48	1	0	2 - Somewhat confident	2 - Somewhat confident	4 - About Right	4 - About Right	3 - Disagree Slightly (I am likely not learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	3 - Disagree Slightly (I am likely not learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	3 - Disagree Slightly	6 - Agree	6 - Agree	1 - Strongly Disagree	5 - Agree Slightly	3 - Disagree Slightly	On Piazza|Via HipChat|Via the OMS Google Plus group	No Answer	4 - About the Same as other OMS classes	5 - A Little Better than non-OMS online classes.	5 - A Little Better than other college courses.	5 - Good	The significant participation by TAs and our professors provide a great resource and encouragement.	Improvements to tools such as piazza which makes it easier to follow along with conversations. Something that provides a multiple thread environment more similar to traditional forms. In addition piazza is very difficult to use on a mobile platform because of the side bar.	"Personal experience, I've found this course much easier to procrastinate in than other courses. This is more of a personal motivation issue and not something directly related to the course. But being self driven i need to drive myself to complete the work and do research. After a few weeks I'm really starting to get excited about the project."[lastname]	[firstname]	Student72	1	0	3 - Neither confident nor unconfident	3 - Neither confident nor unconfident	4 - About Right	4 - About Right	6 - Agree  (I am almost definitely learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	6 - Agree (I am almost definitely learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	5 - Agree Slightly	5 - Agree Slightly	5 - Agree Slightly	5 - Agree Slightly	7 - Strongly Agree	4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree	On Piazza|Via E-Mail|Via HipChat	No Answer	5 - A Little Better than other OMS classes	6 - Significantly Better than non-OMS online classes.	6 - Significantly Better than other college courses.	6 - Very Good	An assigned mentor :)	Students assigned to smaller groups to discuss topics and share a summary of their thoughts with the class as a whole.	Good job [firstname]![lastname]	[firstname]	Student35	1	0	2 - Somewhat confident	2 - Somewhat confident	5 - A Little Too Fast	4 - About Right	7 - Strongly Agree  (I am definitely learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	7 - Strongly Agree (I am definitely learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	7 - Strongly Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	5 - Agree Slightly	7 - Strongly Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	On Piazza	No Answer	6 - Significantly Better than other OMS classes	N/A - I have not taken any non-OMS online classes.	6 - Significantly Better than other college courses.	7 - Excellent	"1. Independence to choose projects.
2. Availability of mentors.
3. Use of peer feedback tool.
4. Freedom to engage in depth in topics of choice.
5. No rote learning.
6. Research aspects in the course encourage real thinking."	"1. Perhaps explore or encourage the use of chat solutions for general discussion (I'm not sure if the class is using something already) rather than emphasizing Piazza. The signal-to-noise ratio makes it hard to participate in Piazza discussion sometimes and this appears to be a common complaint (but I know this only because of Piazza!). It might be a good idea to reserve Piazza for guided discussions only, where an instructor posts a topic (possibly based on feedback from students) and students post follow ups. In other words, reducing too much Piazza activity might help.

2. Perhaps remove the Piazza participation ""requirement"" altogether and ask everyone to write snippets or short essays on select topics (somewhat similar to the KBAI approach). Writing short essays might require more genuine effort on the part of a student, instead of the effort required to just notice some news on a website and copy/paste a snippet. "	The instructors must be thanked for the hard work they are putting into making this course possible. I hope that the Georgia Tech administration is noticing these efforts. [lastname]	[firstname]	Student34	1	0	2 - Somewhat confident	2 - Somewhat confident	4 - About Right	4 - About Right	5 - Agree Slightly (I am likely learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree (I am unsure of whether I am learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	3 - Disagree Slightly	7 - Strongly Agree	6 - Agree	6 - Agree	2 - Disagree	5 - Agree Slightly	On Piazza|Via HipChat|Via another chat application|Via the OMS Google Plus group	No Answer	6 - Significantly Better than other OMS classes	5 - A Little Better than non-OMS online classes.	4 - About the Same as other college courses.	6 - Very Good	"The emphasis on the opportunity to do real research, because I'd like to learn how to keep contributing to the community after I'm no longer in school."	"The first part of the class feels a little [firstname]rd, with a lot of us feeling like we're just doing the same reflections/assignments repeatedly, but I'm not sure anything really needs to [lastname]e here. We have an unusual group that's pursuing projects they've been thinking about for months, so it's hard to say whether the feeling that we're repeating ourselves is actually something that will stick with the class, or if it's something that'll go away in future semesters when you have a different group of students."	"I think more information on how to go about gathering research material probably would have been helpful. This is admittedly stuff I probably should already know well by now, but... I don't!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student65	1	0	2 - Somewhat confident	2 - Somewhat confident	4 - About Right	4 - About Right	6 - Agree  (I am almost definitely learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree (I am unsure of whether I am learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	7 - Strongly Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	6 - Agree	4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree	On Piazza|Via E-Mail|Via Phone or Teleconferencing|Other (please specify below)	Google hangouts	6 - Significantly Better than other OMS classes	5 - A Little Better than non-OMS online classes.	7 - Enormously Better than other college courses.	7 - Excellent	No Answer	"The papers take away from functional development time. There is some repetition and I personally take a fair amount of time to complete these assignments, fin[lastname]g little time to go deeper into the subject at hand. I felt this way about KBAI too. There is not as much learning from the papers as the implementation. There should be some papers, but the formation of problem space and scoping can be accomplished with a faster short answer survey-like status check rather than longer essays. "	No Answer[lastname]	[firstname]	Student73	1	0	3 - Neither confident nor unconfident	2 - Somewhat confident	3 - A Little Too Slow	4 - About Right	2 - Disagree (I am almost definitely not learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	2 - Disagree (I am almost definitely not learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	3 - Disagree Slightly	5 - Agree Slightly	"4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree 	"	3 - Disagree Slightly	6 - Agree	3 - Disagree Slightly	On Piazza	No Answer	3 - Not Quite as Good as other OMS classes	3 - Not Quite as Good as non-OMS online classes.	3 - Not Quite as Good as other college courses.	4 - Fair	No Answer	No Answer	"It's a little too open ended for me.  I'm looking forward to my project, but feel like I'm not learning as much as I would like."[lastname]	[firstname]	Student74	1	0	2 - Somewhat confident	2 - Somewhat confident	4 - About Right	4 - About Right	6 - Agree  (I am almost definitely learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree (I am unsure of whether I am learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	7 - Strongly Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	5 - Agree Slightly	7 - Strongly Agree	5 - Agree Slightly	On Piazza|Via E-Mail|Via another chat application	No Answer	6 - Significantly Better than other OMS classes	7 - Enormously Better than non-OMS online classes.	5 - A Little Better than other college courses.	7 - Excellent	A bit of the openness and interaction	"Even though the assignments are not long, weekly assignments for the first about half of the class can be difficult to manage with a full time job, family, and such.
As far as the content itself, it seems like for people who are very comfortable (and lucked out) with a topic early on, three assignments, a mini proposal, and the question could be reduced to get an ahead start on the actual proposal and development of the idea."	"So far I have enjoyed it enormously. A lot of work, but so fascinating!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student4	1	0	3 - Neither confident nor unconfident	2 - Somewhat confident	4 - About Right	4 - About Right	6 - Agree  (I am almost definitely learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	5 - Agree Slightly (I am likely learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	6 - Agree	6 - Agree	6 - Agree	6 - Agree	4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree	6 - Agree	On Piazza	No Answer	5 - A Little Better than other OMS classes	5 - A Little Better than non-OMS online classes.	5 - A Little Better than other college courses.	5 - Good	No Answer	No Answer	No Answer[lastname]	[firstname]	Student75	1	0	1 - Very confident	2 - Somewhat confident	3 - A Little Too Slow	5 - A Little Too Hard	6 - Agree  (I am almost definitely learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	6 - Agree (I am almost definitely learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	6 - Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	6 - Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	5 - Agree Slightly	On Piazza|Via the OMS Google Plus group|Other (please specify below)	Peer Feedback	5 - A Little Better than other OMS classes	5 - A Little Better than non-OMS online classes.	6 - Significantly Better than other college courses.	6 - Very Good	"1. Peer Feedback 2. The assignment format are very detail oriented 3. The end of summary and start of the week notification is very helpful with reminders 4. The piazza postings are very organized 5. As a whole - mentors, peer feedback and piazza are part of the great team works."	"We normally get the feedback from mentors but not very clear what was wrong even though we didn't get the full score. I would like to see the feedback with specific points that you got score out of 2 because you should include this... And I got 2 out of 2 on some assignment where I am not expecting any detail feedback.  Anyway, it's a great experience as a whole."	"As this course is little different than the traditional course and we can't compare exactly with others. But if we can have a group discussion as a whole class in monthly with pre-defined schedule where students can ask any open question and provide their feedback or suggestion would be great.  If mentor can arrange meeting with the correspon[lastname]g team by-weekly would be great.  I am looking forward and enjoying this course."[lastname]	[firstname]	Student19	1	0	3 - Neither confident nor unconfident	2 - Somewhat confident	4 - About Right	4 - About Right	7 - Strongly Agree  (I am definitely learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree (I am unsure of whether I am learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	6 - Agree	6 - Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	6 - Agree	6 - Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	On Piazza|Via E-Mail|Via another chat application	No Answer	5 - A Little Better than other OMS classes	6 - Significantly Better than non-OMS online classes.	6 - Significantly Better than other college courses.	7 - Excellent	"The main thing I like about this class is the organization. Even for a freely structured course, it's always easy to know what to work on this week and what's expected from us. The instructors are very prompt and actively respond to questions in Piazza, and also accessible through chat."	"This is the first course I've taken that is structured this way, so I don't have enough background for comparison. I'm enjoying it greatly so far."	Keep up the awesome work![lastname]	[firstname]	Student76	1	0	1 - Very confident	1 - Very confident	4 - About Right	4 - About Right	6 - Agree  (I am almost definitely learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree (I am unsure of whether I am learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	6 - Agree	"4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree 	"	5 - Agree Slightly	3 - Disagree Slightly	4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree	3 - Disagree Slightly	On Piazza|Via E-Mail|Via the OMS Google Plus group	No Answer	4 - About the Same as other OMS classes	5 - A Little Better than non-OMS online classes.	5 - A Little Better than other college courses.	5 - Good	"TA involvement
Better response to homework submissions"	"Peer review tool usage is very weak in this class.  Most of my reviewers only pay lip service - I've found that I get much better feedback with mediocre content and fantastic presentation than fantastic content with mediocre presentation.

Also, it is very disruptive to have different peer reviewers when you are constantly buil[lastname]g on a premise throughout the whole semester."	"Very enjoyable class. I think once the kinks are ironed out after this semester, this will be an incredible course."Hall	[firstname]	Student77	1	0	2 - Somewhat confident	2 - Somewhat confident	3 - A Little Too Slow	4 - About Right	5 - Agree Slightly (I am likely learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	3 - Disagree Slightly (I am likely not learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	6 - Agree	2 - Disagree	2 - Disagree	5 - Agree Slightly	3 - Disagree Slightly	2 - Disagree	On Piazza	No Answer	4 - About the Same as other OMS classes	6 - Significantly Better than non-OMS online classes.	4 - About the Same as other college courses.	5 - Good	No Answer	I think the daily posts on Piazza make the week feel a bit more frenzied to me. I always check in daily (even for other courses in OMS) but it feels like I have to respond and contribute in a way that I wouldn't do for any other course. It's hard to focus on my individual project during the week because of this.	"I like the idea of the mentor system, but I don't think I've got a lot of constructive feedback from my mentor. Time between ex[lastname]es is really slow, and usually he'll post something, I'll respond and that's it: there's no conversation, nothing too constructive. Granted, it's better thought-through than some of the gibberish students leave in peer feedback but overall not the best experience so far."Hall	[firstname]	Student78	1	0	3 - Neither confident nor unconfident	3 - Neither confident nor unconfident	4 - About Right	4 - About Right	6 - Agree  (I am almost definitely learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	6 - Agree (I am almost definitely learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	6 - Agree	3 - Disagree Slightly	6 - Agree	6 - Agree	6 - Agree	6 - Agree	On Piazza|Via E-Mail|Via the OMS Google Plus group	No Answer	4 - About the Same as other OMS classes	4 - About the Same as non-OMS online classes.	5 - A Little Better than other college courses.	6 - Very Good	No Answer	assignment of teams	No AnswerHe	[firstname]	Student5	1	0	2 - Somewhat confident	2 - Somewhat confident	3 - A Little Too Slow	4 - About Right	6 - Agree  (I am almost definitely learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	6 - Agree (I am almost definitely learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	7 - Strongly Agree	6 - Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	6 - Agree	6 - Agree	On Piazza|Via E-Mail|Via Phone or Teleconferencing|Via another chat application	No Answer	5 - A Little Better than other OMS classes	5 - A Little Better than non-OMS online classes.	6 - Significantly Better than other college courses.	6 - Very Good	Begin/End of Week announcements. Summary for each week.	N/A	No Answer[lastname]	[firstname]	Student58	1	0	3 - Neither confident nor unconfident	2 - Somewhat confident	4 - About Right	4 - About Right	4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree (I am unsure of whether I am learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	3 - Disagree Slightly (I am likely not learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	6 - Agree	6 - Agree	6 - Agree	5 - Agree Slightly	7 - Strongly Agree	6 - Agree	On Piazza|Via E-Mail|Via Phone or Teleconferencing|Via another chat application	No Answer	5 - A Little Better than other OMS classes	7 - Enormously Better than non-OMS online classes.	5 - A Little Better than other college courses.	6 - Very Good	"Having the opportunity to do research in this setting is really amazing.  I'd love to see that applied to other topic areas.

Some of the peer feedback is really good and the class setup has done a good job of emphasizing its importance. "	I don't generally like to be forced to participate in Piazza conversations.  I really like giving feedback but I feel like I'm more focused on getting participation points from Piazza then taking part in a discussion.	I'd like to see a little bit more in the first couple weeks about how to do research.  For those of us who haven't done it before the concept can be overwhelming.[lastname]	[firstname]	Student6	1	0	1 - Very confident	1 - Very confident	4 - About Right	3 - A Little Too Easy	6 - Agree  (I am almost definitely learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	2 - Disagree (I am almost definitely not learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	6 - Agree	"4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree 	"	5 - Agree Slightly	7 - Strongly Agree	6 - Agree	3 - Disagree Slightly	On Piazza|Via E-Mail|Via HipChat|Via another chat application|Via the OMS Google Plus group	No Answer	5 - A Little Better than other OMS classes	6 - Significantly Better than non-OMS online classes.	7 - Enormously Better than other college courses.	6 - Very Good	"Peer feedback.

Mentoring, or having a TA assigned to a group of students would be great, especially for the more difficult courses.  For example, having a dedicated TA like [firstname] for 6505 would be invaluable.  For me, a mentor for 6300 would be a waste, but every class will be different for people with other experiences."	"I would like some more information/teaching/guidance on doing research in an academic setting.  Even though I am doing a project, I could see it extend to research easily.

Maybe make completing the research requirements and make that part of participation?

I'm not sure how difficult it would be, but going through the process of getting an idea through the IRB process would be a very interesting assignment/project."	"It is hard to compare this class to other OMSCS classes, as the format is so different.  Maybe 6440 could be more structured along the lines of this class, but something like 6210 would be difficult to [lastname]sform to a structure of the nature of this class."[lastname]	[firstname]	Student43	1	0	3 - Neither confident nor unconfident	3 - Neither confident nor unconfident	4 - About Right	4 - About Right	3 - Disagree Slightly (I am likely not learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	3 - Disagree Slightly (I am likely not learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	5 - Agree Slightly	5 - Agree Slightly	"4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree 	"	3 - Disagree Slightly	6 - Agree	2 - Disagree	On Piazza|Via another chat application	Slack	5 - A Little Better than other OMS classes	5 - A Little Better than non-OMS online classes.	5 - A Little Better than other college courses.	5 - Good	Studying current research and material.  Some classes tend to use dated material.	"Clearer distinction between what is ""conversational"" on Piazza vs required information."	I like this class overall but I have to keep self-directed and motivated than any other OMS class I've taken and it's hard to really tell how much progress I'm making.[lastname]	[firstname]	Student79	1	0	1 - Very confident	1 - Very confident	4 - About Right	4 - About Right	3 - Disagree Slightly (I am likely not learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	3 - Disagree Slightly (I am likely not learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	6 - Agree	6 - Agree	5 - Agree Slightly	7 - Strongly Agree	6 - Agree	4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree	On Piazza	No Answer	4 - About the Same as other OMS classes	5 - A Little Better than non-OMS online classes.	4 - About the Same as other college courses.	5 - Good	No Answer	No Answer	No Answer[lastname]	[firstname]	Student25	1	0	2 - Somewhat confident	2 - Somewhat confident	5 - A Little Too Fast	4 - About Right	5 - Agree Slightly (I am likely learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	5 - Agree Slightly (I am likely learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	5 - Agree Slightly	"4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree 	"	6 - Agree	5 - Agree Slightly	5 - Agree Slightly	4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree	On Piazza	No Answer	5 - A Little Better than other OMS classes	4 - About the Same as non-OMS online classes.	6 - Significantly Better than other college courses.	6 - Very Good	"I would like to see the same level of resources in the EdTech course library as in the other OMS Courses. Also, making it ""student-driven"" is an excellent approach and useful for future OMS students!"	"The frequency of the first assignment is a little deman[lastname]g at first. I think a ""bi-weekly"" assignment may work better. The peer reviews is a great way to see the other students work in the class but having to do 4 each week seems challenging to spend enough time digesting and provi[lastname]g valuable comments back."	So excited to be part of this experiment! Very intriguing to have such an up ended course to have a bottom-up approach instead of a top-bottom learning experience. Looking forward to seeing how it turns out! Certainly appreciate the quality time [firstname] spends looking over everything to iron out any problems. Great job to all![lastname]	Student80	Student80	1	0	3 - Neither confident nor unconfident	4 - Somewhat unconfident	5 - A Little Too Fast	5 - A Little Too Hard	6 - Agree  (I am almost definitely learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	6 - Agree (I am almost definitely learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	3 - Disagree Slightly	2 - Disagree	3 - Disagree Slightly	5 - Agree Slightly	4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree	6 - Agree	On Piazza|Via another chat application	No Answer	6 - Significantly Better than other OMS classes	7 - Enormously Better than non-OMS online classes.	6 - Significantly Better than other college courses.	6 - Very Good	"The structure of edtech, like KBAI, is good, and clear.  It cannot be duplicated, however, without duplicating other qualities.

Publication objectives should definitely be duplicated in other classes, and the project oriented classes are the most engaging, so that should also be adapted. "	"The weekly assignments are excessive. (This is also something that was [lastname]ed in KBAI).  Saturday due dates are not working. [lastname]e that back to Sunday. Leave a full week for peer feedback. The volume is overwhelming.  I lost track of this survey, for example, because I had all the main objectives (personal question, etc) in mind. Because of the volume, if one thing goes wrong, it's a train wreck."	"It seems like group projects are harder to accomplish when the project is anything anyone wants.  If we're all buil[lastname]g a robot, for example, group selection is easy. In this class's case, the lack of overlap means people have to give up their personal project, or they have to work alone.  If they are lucky, someone else is doing the same thing. This could be mitigated by buil[lastname]g teams on criteria other than end project, such as category (research or design), supporting technology (web, mobile, etc), or domain (k-12, games, programming)"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student81	1	0	2 - Somewhat confident	1 - Very confident	4 - About Right	4 - About Right	1 - Strongly Disagree (I am definitely not learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	1 - Strongly Disagree (I am definitely not learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	7 - Strongly Agree	"4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree 	"	6 - Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	6 - Agree	6 - Agree	On Piazza|Other (please specify below)	"#13 :  Peer Feedback
"	N/A - I have not taken any other OMS classes.	7 - Enormously Better than non-OMS online classes.	7 - Enormously Better than other college courses.	7 - Excellent	"Templates and other tools to help organize thoughts and outline the proposal.   Several of the references to type of research and concepts such as meta-cognition,  and research approaches  were great.  It would also be nice to have a few suggestions on how to organize a proposal and formulate a plan from an academic stand point."	"In the Piazza Posts, use the Categories to identify types of research or research topics so studetns can easily filter conversations of interest.  This is not a traditional class so it is good that the categories are not assignment specific but they could be more value if they were topic specific.   If I am working on gaming, I may not care about MOOCs.  or the other way around.  There is a ton of rea[lastname]g and participation (that's good).  but why read stuff that does not relate. This will help best use our time and limited resources"	"Question 4/5/6/16 :  This is not a traditional course.  The learning and pace can not be directly related to a traditional course because this is basically a real-world implementation and exercise in Meta-Cognition.  (Which I think is Great).  The instructor and peers provide the resources and community to support learning and through the process of exploration - we learn.  Differently but we learn.   It's not fair to compare.  I really Love this style of learning and self exploration through mentoring.
   "[lastname]	[firstname]	Student60	1	0	1 - Very confident	1 - Very confident	5 - A Little Too Fast	5 - A Little Too Hard	7 - Strongly Agree  (I am definitely learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	6 - Agree (I am almost definitely learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	7 - Strongly Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	5 - Agree Slightly	Via Phone or Teleconferencing|Via another chat application	No Answer	6 - Significantly Better than other OMS classes	N/A - I have not taken any non-OMS online classes.	6 - Significantly Better than other college courses.	7 - Excellent	No Answer	No Answer	No Answer[lastname]	[lastname]	Student7	1	0	2 - Somewhat confident	2 - Somewhat confident	4 - About Right	4 - About Right	5 - Agree Slightly (I am likely learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree (I am unsure of whether I am learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	5 - Agree Slightly	5 - Agree Slightly	5 - Agree Slightly	6 - Agree	6 - Agree	5 - Agree Slightly	On Piazza|Other (please specify below)	Peer Feedback	4 - About the Same as other OMS classes	5 - A Little Better than non-OMS online classes.	4 - About the Same as other college courses.	6 - Very Good	No Answer	No Answer	No Answer[lastname]	[firstname]	Student8	1	0	2 - Somewhat confident	2 - Somewhat confident	4 - About Right	4 - About Right	7 - Strongly Agree  (I am definitely learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	6 - Agree (I am almost definitely learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	5 - Agree Slightly	6 - Agree	6 - Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree	On Piazza	No Answer	6 - Significantly Better than other OMS classes	7 - Enormously Better than non-OMS online classes.	6 - Significantly Better than other college courses.	7 - Excellent	Being flexible with first week assignments. Having a professor actually seem interested in the students more so than just the class.	Maybe structure peer feed back such that you have a given group....every week... but then again.. I don't really like that idea either. I can't really say. 	It would be useful if I could directly email the people who leave great peerfeedback .[lastname]	[firstname]	Student9	1	0	2 - Somewhat confident	3 - Neither confident nor unconfident	4 - About Right	4 - About Right	6 - Agree  (I am almost definitely learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	5 - Agree Slightly (I am likely learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	5 - Agree Slightly	3 - Disagree Slightly	5 - Agree Slightly	7 - Strongly Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	5 - Agree Slightly	On Piazza	No Answer	5 - A Little Better than other OMS classes	N/A - I have not taken any non-OMS online classes.	5 - A Little Better than other college courses.	5 - Good	"The focus on current research and current problems is very refreshing.  In that regard, this course shares a lot in common with CV, and AI for Robotics, my other favorite classes.

The focus on self-driven study is good, but I find it very stressful because it's hard to time-box.  It would be very easy to spend 50 hours a week working on this class, and feel no closer to solving a problem - but that is the nature of research.  In that regard, I wouldn't want this level of pressure in every class - and in fact, most of the time I prefer classes to be straightforward (but only because my work is highly research driven, and they become competitive for time) - this has more to do with working and studying simultaneously.  Consequently, I try to push projects in the direction of my current areas of focus, so they syngerize - the freedom to do that is what makes this class work well for me."	"I really needed a crash course/book in educational philosophy.  I might have a graduate level understan[lastname]g of technology and other fields, but I'm way behind on the pedagogical front.  Referencing recent academic journals is fine once you have a grasp on the state of the debate between behaviorism and constructionism - or even the debate within constructionism between teaching abstract concepts, or using subjects as frameworks - These are well known concepts to people in education - and a bit of a crash course rea[lastname]g syllabus for the first week or two would have been really helpful.  I still feel like I'm trying to [lastname]trap some of that knowledge.  "	"On the research side I have this sense of dread that I'm just duplicating existing work.  Because we've all gone off in different directions - I feel like no one is around to point me at things I might have missed.  Conversely - there are projects I've given feedback on that read something like ""This sounds like something someone else must have done already, but I don't know the field well enough to point you at it""

Ultimately, I want to contribute something - but it's very tempting to dig into research and attempt to classify the state of a certain aspect of ET, simply to gain a better understan[lastname]g.

All of this is fairly normal research anxiety - which is probably a good sign for the class - and I'm confident by the end I'll have learned about a lot of things I was interested in regar[lastname]g educational technology - but I'm still a bit shaky on meaningful contribution."[lastname]	[firstname]	Student56	1	0	2 - Somewhat confident	2 - Somewhat confident	4 - About Right	3 - A Little Too Easy	6 - Agree  (I am almost definitely learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree (I am unsure of whether I am learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	7 - Strongly Agree	6 - Agree	6 - Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	On Piazza	No Answer	4 - About the Same as other OMS classes	7 - Enormously Better than non-OMS online classes.	7 - Enormously Better than other college courses.	7 - Excellent	"The organization of the professor - I have seen other classes try to implement the 'weekly announcement' bit, but somehow this class seems to have it more together. As well as an excellent feeling that you are part of a class - there is excellent communication all around. I would really appreciate the opportunity to extend this project as a research class."	No Answer	"I really like the idea of a research project, and I think it can (should) be incorporated more into the OMCS program. "[lastname]	[firstname]	Student10	1	0	3 - Neither confident nor unconfident	2 - Somewhat confident	4 - About Right	3 - A Little Too Easy	3 - Disagree Slightly (I am likely not learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	3 - Disagree Slightly (I am likely not learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	3 - Disagree Slightly	5 - Agree Slightly	6 - Agree	6 - Agree	6 - Agree	3 - Disagree Slightly	On Piazza|Via E-Mail|Via Phone or Teleconferencing|Via the OMS Facebook page|Via the OMS Google Plus group	No Answer	5 - A Little Better than other OMS classes	5 - A Little Better than non-OMS online classes.	5 - A Little Better than other college courses.	4 - Fair	I really like the extent of discussion on Piazza. I wish that every class at the very least did the weekly update post like [firstname] makes.	"I wish that the research training was more structured. I'm not sure that I know how to get value out of the course library - I wish that there were maybe some mini assignments to guide people through the library, like ""find out what X, Y and Z mean"" - even if ungraded, this sort of thing would be nice."	"I like the idea of this class a lot, but sometimes I feel undirected - I make some piazza posts, and search a bit about my chosen topic, but I feel like a lot of this is disconnected from the class."[lastname]	[firstname]	Student54	1	0	1 - Very confident	1 - Very confident	4 - About Right	4 - About Right	7 - Strongly Agree  (I am definitely learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	7 - Strongly Agree (I am definitely learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	7 - Strongly Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	5 - Agree Slightly	6 - Agree	5 - Agree Slightly	5 - Agree Slightly	On Piazza|Via HipChat|Via another chat application|Via the OMS Google Plus group	No Answer	4 - About the Same as other OMS classes	7 - Enormously Better than non-OMS online classes.	4 - About the Same as other college courses.	6 - Very Good	"I think mentorship has had a profound effect in this particular course. There is much to be gained from interacting with a dedicated and knowledgeable mentor who is able to personalize and direct the learning experience. And as a result, I absolutely love the customized/individuality of this course."	"There is enough material in this course to cover two semesters. Also, since I came into the class knowing what topic I wanted to cover two things occurred. My first two assignments felt redundant. And secondly, I am not getting a broad based view of EdTech as a whole (which is arguably the point of the class)."	This is such a unique course. It is hard to compare the expectations set on us vs. what is expected to excel in the other OMS courses I've taken. I don't believe this is an issue as long as incoming students have the expectation that this course is unlike any of the others. Communication on this matter has been appropriate and clear.[lastname]	[firstname]	Student44	1	0	1 - Very confident	1 - Very confident	4 - About Right	4 - About Right	5 - Agree Slightly (I am likely learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	3 - Disagree Slightly (I am likely not learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	7 - Strongly Agree	5 - Agree Slightly	7 - Strongly Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	3 - Disagree Slightly	On Piazza	No Answer	6 - Significantly Better than other OMS classes	6 - Significantly Better than non-OMS online classes.	5 - A Little Better than other college courses.	7 - Excellent	Having all assignment laid out on day 1 in T-Square is very helpful in managing expectations and time management. 	"More frequent interaction w/ my mentor.  I'm consistently getting 1 response per week.  Ini[firstname]lly need several a day for the first week, then a couple a week for week 2-3.  Then once a week for remainder of course would meet my expectations. I spend a lot of week 1-3 talking to my ""duck"" and rea[lastname]g the discussion threads. No worries...survived and am on target to do well. "	"Peer Feedback is awesome at so many levels. Love it. Would like to see a Tues qas thread discussing how to improve/give peer feedback. Many don't do it well. This would be a great opportunity to teach them. That would make a great week 1 or 2 discussion IMO. I work well w/ structure, so the Monday recaps, Tues qas, etc. helps me. Overall this is a terrific course. No disappointments."Lam	[firstname]	Student28	1	0	2 - Somewhat confident	2 - Somewhat confident	5 - A Little Too Fast	4 - About Right	6 - Agree  (I am almost definitely learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	6 - Agree (I am almost definitely learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	5 - Agree Slightly	2 - Disagree	5 - Agree Slightly	5 - Agree Slightly	7 - Strongly Agree	5 - Agree Slightly	On Piazza|Via E-Mail|Via another chat application|Other (please specify below)	Google HOA with teammates	5 - A Little Better than other OMS classes	6 - Significantly Better than non-OMS online classes.	5 - A Little Better than other college courses.	6 - Very Good	The options to select what I would like to learn from the list.	"More time at the ini[firstname]l phase to solidify the project idea.
A way to find and manage teams."	No Answer[lastname]	[firstname]	Student82	1	0	1 - Very confident	1 - Very confident	4 - About Right	4 - About Right	4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree (I am unsure of whether I am learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree (I am unsure of whether I am learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	7 - Strongly Agree	6 - Agree	5 - Agree Slightly	6 - Agree	5 - Agree Slightly	4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree	On Piazza|Via another chat application	No Answer	4 - About the Same as other OMS classes	4 - About the Same as non-OMS online classes.	4 - About the Same as other college courses.	5 - Good	"I like the idea of being able to do independent research.  I want to see a game development course that is structured like Education Technology where the students can work in groups or alone, and have the freedom of selecting what to work on."	None.	No.[lastname]	[firstname]	Student32	1	0	2 - Somewhat confident	1 - Very confident	4 - About Right	4 - About Right	6 - Agree  (I am almost definitely learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	6 - Agree (I am almost definitely learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	7 - Strongly Agree	6 - Agree	6 - Agree	5 - Agree Slightly	6 - Agree	5 - Agree Slightly	On Piazza|Via E-Mail|Via Phone or Teleconferencing|Via HipChat|Via another chat application|Other (please specify below)	We also used the Google+ Hangout chat	5 - A Little Better than other OMS classes	7 - Enormously Better than non-OMS online classes.	6 - Significantly Better than other college courses.	7 - Excellent	No Answer	No Answer	"There were a few questions where I felt the need to provide additional comments.  For example, when comparing CS6460 with other classes, I think that this class is significantly different, that is, in terms of the class paradigm and structure that the scale provide may not be applicable. CS6460 is in a class (pun intended) all by itself when compared to the other OMSCS courses, which is a good thing.  It is the only purely research-based course and offers something that none of the other classes does and I'm sure that is by design.  It has been, so far, a great experience in that it provides a unique opportunity for the students to be researchers, innovators, and creators.  Thank you for bringing this class to fruition!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student83	1	0	1 - Very confident	1 - Very confident	4 - About Right	4 - About Right	7 - Strongly Agree  (I am definitely learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	6 - Agree (I am almost definitely learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	6 - Agree	6 - Agree	6 - Agree	6 - Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	6 - Agree	On Piazza|Via another chat application	No Answer	5 - A Little Better than other OMS classes	6 - Significantly Better than non-OMS online classes.	6 - Significantly Better than other college courses.	6 - Very Good	"Self direction
Vast pool of material to swim in
Extremely engaged instructors, mentors and peers."	No Answer	"I feel that a lot of my peers have really jumped the gun with their projects.  It may be helpful in future offerings to highlight that the first few assignments are about the problems and communities, not the solution.  People are passionate about their solutions and that is what they want to talk about, but I think that short circuits part of the intent of the course."[lastname]	[firstname]	Student29	1	0	3 - Neither confident nor unconfident	2 - Somewhat confident	4 - About Right	4 - About Right	5 - Agree Slightly (I am likely learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	5 - Agree Slightly (I am likely learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	3 - Disagree Slightly	5 - Agree Slightly	5 - Agree Slightly	7 - Strongly Agree	6 - Agree	6 - Agree	On Piazza|Via E-Mail|Via Phone or Teleconferencing	No Answer	6 - Significantly Better than other OMS classes	N/A - I have not taken any non-OMS online classes.	6 - Significantly Better than other college courses.	6 - Very Good	More student-directed study!  Dr. Joyner is blazing a trail that I am confident will be successful.	No Answer	No Answer[lastname]	[firstname]	Student84	1	0	2 - Somewhat confident	2 - Somewhat confident	4 - About Right	4 - About Right	7 - Strongly Agree  (I am definitely learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree (I am unsure of whether I am learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	6 - Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	5 - Agree Slightly	7 - Strongly Agree	6 - Agree	4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree	On Piazza|Via the OMS Google Plus group|Other (please specify below)	peerfeedback discussions below submissions	4 - About the Same as other OMS classes	7 - Enormously Better than non-OMS online classes.	4 - About the Same as other college courses.	6 - Very Good	mentor mentee structure. However I've never had any issues with instructors answering questions late. But I could see if part time TAs were assigned to students to keep them engaged in classes it would help. The mentor would be the person who could get to know a set of 10 or 20 students closer than lets say 4 full time instructors knowing all 300 students.	I dont think I see any issues so far. I'm going to not answer this question until the end of semester as it is tough to asses the course after only a few weeks.	<p>&nbsp;I can't think of any since I think the course is good so far. I need to see how things turn out by the end of semester.</p>[lastname]	[firstname]	Student21	1	0	2 - Somewhat confident	2 - Somewhat confident	4 - About Right	4 - About Right	7 - Strongly Agree  (I am definitely learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree (I am unsure of whether I am learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	6 - Agree	6 - Agree	6 - Agree	4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree	6 - Agree	4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree	Via Phone or Teleconferencing|Via the OMS Google Plus group	No Answer	5 - A Little Better than other OMS classes	6 - Significantly Better than non-OMS online classes.	6 - Significantly Better than other college courses.	6 - Very Good	No Answer	No Answer	No Answer[lastname]	[firstname]	Student85	1	0	2 - Somewhat confident	1 - Very confident	4 - About Right	3 - A Little Too Easy	7 - Strongly Agree  (I am definitely learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	7 - Strongly Agree (I am definitely learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	7 - Strongly Agree	6 - Agree	6 - Agree	5 - Agree Slightly	4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree	5 - Agree Slightly	On Piazza	No Answer	4 - About the Same as other OMS classes	6 - Significantly Better than non-OMS online classes.	6 - Significantly Better than other college courses.	5 - Good	No Answer	"Personally I think that the practical should be emphasized more than the research angle. Most of us in OMSCS are not planning to go on to get our PhDs, so it feels to me like CS6460 presents an opportunity for certain students to ease through without doing or learning anything of substance."	No AnswerNg	[lastname]	Student47	1	0	3 - Neither confident nor unconfident	2 - Somewhat confident	5 - A Little Too Fast	4 - About Right	3 - Disagree Slightly (I am likely not learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	3 - Disagree Slightly (I am likely not learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	6 - Agree	3 - Disagree Slightly	7 - Strongly Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	5 - Agree Slightly	2 - Disagree	On Piazza|Via E-Mail	No Answer	4 - About the Same as other OMS classes	6 - Significantly Better than non-OMS online classes.	4 - About the Same as other college courses.	4 - Fair	The Weekly Q&A.	"I would recommend giving students the option to choose between weekly or bi-weekly assignments.  Weekly assignments are 500 words, while bi-weekly are 1000.  I feel like the weekly pace can be a bit much for someone that is still figuring out their ideas or hasn't been able to find enough comprehensive literature.  But for folks that already have a clear vision then weekly works well.       "	No Answer[lastname]	[firstname]	Student11	1	0	3 - Neither confident nor unconfident	2 - Somewhat confident	7 - Way Too Fast	3 - A Little Too Easy	2 - Disagree (I am almost definitely not learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	1 - Strongly Disagree (I am definitely not learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	2 - Disagree	1 - Strongly Disagree	3 - Disagree Slightly	6 - Agree	2 - Disagree	1 - Strongly Disagree	On Piazza|Via HipChat|Via another chat application	No Answer	5 - A Little Better than other OMS classes	5 - A Little Better than non-OMS online classes.	2 - Not as Good as other college courses.	3 - Poor	I actually like the project or research based nature of the course. I like the idea of having a mentor. I think more concern should be devoted to the quality of mentoring.	"Better mentors. Clearer guidelines for peer feedback regar[lastname]g what they should be giving feedback on. I don't need feedback on my font selection. A better feedback cycle which goes back to my feeling that course is moving too rapidly -- you're not given time to really use the feedback at all.

I feel like the course is more geared towards research, which is cool. I chose to do a project and it's just grin[lastname]g having to write about it constantly rather than buil[lastname]g and iterating on the idea. I think the course just fails for people wanting to build using lean startup methodology. I'd have more focus on customer/client discovery and interviews if project based. I assume a mentor could guide a person that way."	"I like the idea of the course. I think the assignments need tweaking to cater towards projects. I think it's clear I take issue with my mentor. Maybe he felt like he got stuck with me, but I feel like I was just an afterthought and there's really no thought towards helping me progress through the course. I still have no idea and my only feedback is the weekly exemplary posts and seeing that I didn't make it (so I know I got a 1). It's all very discouraging and I likely would have dropped weeks ago if I could have received a refund.

This is more of a perception thing, but it seems like those who take KBAI have a leg up and possibly receive some favoritism."[lastname]	[firstname]	Student12	1	0	2 - Somewhat confident	2 - Somewhat confident	6 - Too Fast	5 - A Little Too Hard	7 - Strongly Agree  (I am definitely learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	7 - Strongly Agree (I am definitely learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	6 - Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	6 - Agree	4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree	6 - Agree	On Piazza|Via E-Mail|Via Phone or Teleconferencing|Via the OMS Google Plus group	No Answer	5 - A Little Better than other OMS classes	6 - Significantly Better than non-OMS online classes.	7 - Enormously Better than other college courses.	6 - Very Good	An option to do a free project(whatever kind of project you want) with a proposal.	A little more structure for creating groups for a group project. 	No Answer[lastname]	[firstname]	Student86	1	0	1 - Very confident	1 - Very confident	4 - About Right	4 - About Right	7 - Strongly Agree  (I am definitely learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	7 - Strongly Agree (I am definitely learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	6 - Agree	6 - Agree	5 - Agree Slightly	4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree	6 - Agree	6 - Agree	On Piazza|Via E-Mail|Via Phone or Teleconferencing|Via the OMS Google Plus group	No Answer	6 - Significantly Better than other OMS classes	7 - Enormously Better than non-OMS online classes.	4 - About the Same as other college courses.	6 - Very Good	"In some OMS classes where it is applicable, it would be a great idea to include a small sized research project where the students can select a topic related to the course and explore the existing research papers in the area and pick up a small problem within the area to do his own research. I am not saying this has to be a full-fledged research report, but the student can spend about 20 hours to complete this project. For example, in computer networks, the student can select a topic say •À_Multiservice IP•À_ and read the related papers and present his ideas and a problem that he is interested in solving at the end of the semester. This will help the students to be in touch and involved with the recent developments in the area of his study. As I said, this is not applicable to all OMS classes but I believe this is applicable to some OMS classes. Also, this should contribute more than 10% of the grade calculation for the course."	"1) •À_ •À_The first thing I would like to see improved in the course is: •À_More student-mentor interaction•À_.•À_•À_I believe the student-mentor is interaction is very important and crucial in this class for shaping up the area of research and for gui[lastname]g the student throughout the research. I would like to see a 1-hour hangout or conference call per week with the mentor because there are things that are difficult to communicate in the piazza or email. This will greatly help the students. Thank you.•À_•À_2) •À_ •À_Also, •À_helping with existing problems for research•À_: •À_•À_As we are master•À_s students with less experience in research, the instructors/professors/teaching assistants can give out problems to research and solve as they have more experience in the education technology field than most of the students. These could be problems to research or tools to build, in this way, students can pick up these problems and get a head start in the research. We can still keep the option for the students picking up their own interested area of research, but if the students can•À_t decide in the area of research, this option might help. I am not aware of any issues/problems in this approach, but I wanted to bring to your attention if this is possible for the future students who will be taking this class.•À_"	none.[lastname]	[firstname]	Student13	1	0	1 - Very confident	1 - Very confident	4 - About Right	4 - About Right	7 - Strongly Agree  (I am definitely learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	7 - Strongly Agree (I am definitely learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	7 - Strongly Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	6 - Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	On Piazza|Via E-Mail|Via Phone or Teleconferencing|Via the OMS Facebook page|Via the OMS Google Plus group	No Answer	7 - Enormously Better than other OMS classes	7 - Enormously Better than non-OMS online classes.	7 - Enormously Better than other college courses.	7 - Excellent	No Answer	No Answer	No Answer[lastname]	[firstname]	Student50	1	0	3 - Neither confident nor unconfident	2 - Somewhat confident	4 - About Right	4 - About Right	3 - Disagree Slightly (I am likely not learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	3 - Disagree Slightly (I am likely not learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	7 - Strongly Agree	5 - Agree Slightly	5 - Agree Slightly	5 - Agree Slightly	6 - Agree	5 - Agree Slightly	On Piazza	No Answer	5 - A Little Better than other OMS classes	6 - Significantly Better than non-OMS online classes.	4 - About the Same as other college courses.	5 - Good	No Answer	No Answer	No Answer[lastname]	Student87	Student87	No submission																						[lastname]	[firstname]	Student14	1	0	2 - Somewhat confident	1 - Very confident	4 - About Right	4 - About Right	6 - Agree  (I am almost definitely learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	5 - Agree Slightly (I am likely learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	"4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree 	"	6 - Agree	5 - Agree Slightly	5 - Agree Slightly	5 - Agree Slightly	6 - Agree	On Piazza|Via E-Mail|Meeting in Person|Via Phone or Teleconferencing|Via another chat application|Via the OMS Google Plus group	N/A	7 - Enormously Better than other OMS classes	6 - Significantly Better than non-OMS online classes.	6 - Significantly Better than other college courses.	6 - Very Good	"Perhaps a video session with the mentor? or Office hours with mentor
Examples of good quality work before the assignments are due, for example: the final proposal (work that has been used by PhDs, etc)

"	"More time! Perhaps a part two?
Perhaps in the future, students from the prior semesters could do a video/talk/host a discussion thread on their published work and their journey to get there."	No Answer[lastname]	[firstname]	Teacher7	1	0	2 - Somewhat confident	2 - Somewhat confident	4 - About Right	4 - About Right	7 - Strongly Agree  (I am definitely learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	6 - Agree (I am almost definitely learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	5 - Agree Slightly	6 - Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	6 - Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	6 - Agree	On Piazza	No Answer	5 - A Little Better than other OMS classes	6 - Significantly Better than non-OMS online classes.	6 - Significantly Better than other college courses.	7 - Excellent	"I like writing papers. It forces me to put my thoughts down over and above writing code. I liked this aspect of KBAI and ML as well. It forces me to make sure I have full understan[lastname]g of the topic and that a little bit of synthesis has occurred in my mind. I get the most out of classes like this.

I do like the open ended nature of it once I found myself established and had feedback from a mentor/professor that I was on the right track. Peer feedback however, was not enough to feel certain.

The use of Peer feedback in this course is a great, however I have mixed feelings about the feedback I have receive so far. Part of me wants to write a guide for how to provide feedback. I feel because of the open nature of some of the assignments different students were looking for different things in each of the earlier assignments and would not see that element and that's all they would say in the peer feedback. Others just say good job and that kind of feedback is useless to me :)"	"As stated on Piazza, rename assignment 1 and 2. Those are far, far too gen[firstname] and I felt conflicted as to what the overall objective was, even though the assignment had in the 3rd or so paragraph the main goals.

I would highly suggest encouraging us to research using the Georgia tech library even earlier. I feel I didn't go there early enough, I also feel I should have tied some of my fin[lastname]gs there in with my earlier assignments. I think the reason I did so is I was so stuck on doing a ""project"" that I was busy looking at what was in the industry and not in academia (this is my fault).

As another idea I even thought about contributing a ""how to use the georgia tech online library"" as a guide back, but felt this was too easy for folks to figure out and I did not see any interest or questions from folks on Piazza."	"I look forward to the next 4 weeks. They will definitely set the tone for the rest of the semester.

I really like that assignments are due on Saturday as well. If they are due on Sunday I feel I procrastinate all weekend and do them Sunday, versus this way I feel energized to get them done earlier and then spend Sunday resting or doing peer feedback!

Piazza is hit and miss. I feel a few students are really dominating many conversations. I of course do not want to discourage them, but sometimes I want them to wait a day to jump in on a new thread. I also feel some of the folks who dominate seem to not have a day job, or one that would restrict them from participating as I feel they are always checking piazza throughout the day and contributing. Whereas I give it a quick g[firstname] in the morning just to check announcements and try to review at night for anything new and interesting."[lastname]	[firstname]	Student40	1	0	2 - Somewhat confident	2 - Somewhat confident	3 - A Little Too Slow	4 - About Right	3 - Disagree Slightly (I am likely not learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	3 - Disagree Slightly (I am likely not learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	6 - Agree	3 - Disagree Slightly	"4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree 	"	6 - Agree	5 - Agree Slightly	2 - Disagree	On Piazza	No Answer	4 - About the Same as other OMS classes	4 - About the Same as non-OMS online classes.	4 - About the Same as other college courses.	4 - Fair	"I think some of the unstructuredness can be nice to have in those projects where the students come up with their own ideas, but it's definitely been a [firstname]rd feeling for this course to be more fully on the open/unstructured side of things because it makes me feel like I might not be learning as much as I would in another course where the content is new (in this course I feel like it's provi[lastname]g me an opportunity to work on a project I've wanted to work on for a while, which is a positive, I'm just not sure if I'm fully learning everything I need to learn about Educational Technology in general)."	"This was touched on a little bit in a thread this past week, but I think one of the writing assignments during these first 4 weeks or so can probably be dropped (there is definitely value in giving an idea time to develop and grow over a period of time, but in my case I felt like it was fairly well developed to begin with so I definitely felt repetitive each week and tried to avoid repeating myself too much).

But I do want to emphasize I do agree with the approach of giving ideas time to develop (there's been a lot of projects I've worked with where I gave myself quite a bit of time to think and develop an idea subconsciously, and when the project became necessary to implement a lot of the ground work had already been done because of that extra thought time).

Hopefully the coming week's assignments will be a little different since they should be more focused on starting the implementation process :-)."	"Well just some of the questions above I didn't quite know how to respond (Questions 15-17 as an example).

I feel like the approach CS6460 takes is much different than pretty much every other typical college course one would take (and since we're only halfway through) it's hard for me to gauge it's overall quality. And I think because of the fact it's more research/project focused for the whole term, that makes it much more difficult to compare to a normal course.

What would be a more interesting question/experiment (at least for me) would be to see how a class structured like CS6460 would compare against an equivalent course taught in a more traditional way amongst those taking the course (the experiment would have to be done probably with two batches of students trying out both approaches and then measuring which one had the more positive outcomes)."[lastname]	[firstname]	Student49	1	0	2 - Somewhat confident	2 - Somewhat confident	4 - About Right	4 - About Right	6 - Agree  (I am almost definitely learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	5 - Agree Slightly (I am likely learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	5 - Agree Slightly	7 - Strongly Agree	5 - Agree Slightly	5 - Agree Slightly	5 - Agree Slightly	5 - Agree Slightly	On Piazza|Via E-Mail|Meeting in Person|Via Phone or Teleconferencing|Via another chat application	No Answer	5 - A Little Better than other OMS classes	5 - A Little Better than non-OMS online classes.	5 - A Little Better than other college courses.	5 - Good	No Answer	No Answer	No Answer[lastname]	[firstname]	Student51	No submission																						[lastname]	[firstname]	Student41	1	0	4 - Somewhat unconfident	2 - Somewhat confident	3 - A Little Too Slow	3 - A Little Too Easy	3 - Disagree Slightly (I am likely not learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	3 - Disagree Slightly (I am likely not learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	3 - Disagree Slightly	6 - Agree	"4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree 	"	7 - Strongly Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree	On Piazza|Via the OMS Google Plus group	No Answer	4 - About the Same as other OMS classes	6 - Significantly Better than non-OMS online classes.	5 - A Little Better than other college courses.	5 - Good	I like the idea of the long-term design or research project.	"Perhaps it's because the structure is significantly different than other classes I've taken, but I feel like the assignments could use a bit more rigor. I don't feel like I have a good sense of where I stand in terms of a grade. The participation component of the grade makes me feel like I should be chiming in on Piazza more, even when I don't have much to say about a subject."	"I feel like there are too many channels to keep track of sometimes. Also, I'm traditionally a lurker on most channels, so, while I read a lot of commentary, I don't often contribute."[lastname]	[firstname]	Student37	1	0	3 - Neither confident nor unconfident	2 - Somewhat confident	5 - A Little Too Fast	5 - A Little Too Hard	6 - Agree  (I am almost definitely learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree (I am unsure of whether I am learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	5 - Agree Slightly	"4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree 	"	"4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree 	"	5 - Agree Slightly	5 - Agree Slightly	4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree	On Piazza|Via another chat application	Google Hangouts	4 - About the Same as other OMS classes	4 - About the Same as non-OMS online classes.	4 - About the Same as other college courses.	4 - Fair	"Mentors- this is a feature that can almost replicate the student-teacher relationship, but with a much smaller commitment"	"The gra[lastname]g is whack. You can't go around giving people 50%'s on assignments they're actually completing- its downright discouraging. Yes, 1/2 is only 1 point less than max, but its still a 50 on the assignment in your head, you know? And I have no idea what the point scale for this class is like."	"I'm not really sure how our grades are being computed. Feedback from actual graders is inconsistent. And if the grade (and feedback) for Assignment N comes in after Assignment N+1 is turned in, and we're off-base with N, we're going to get shafted, twice, without a chance to actually correct the problem."[lastname]	[firstname]	Student52	1	0	2 - Somewhat confident	1 - Very confident	4 - About Right	4 - About Right	7 - Strongly Agree  (I am definitely learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	7 - Strongly Agree (I am definitely learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	6 - Agree	6 - Agree	6 - Agree	4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree	6 - Agree	5 - Agree Slightly	On Piazza	No Answer	7 - Enormously Better than other OMS classes	7 - Enormously Better than non-OMS online classes.	7 - Enormously Better than other college courses.	7 - Excellent	"The rich quality of the content in 6460 is something that's been a huge draw to me for this class. The quality of the videos, the layout of the class, and the enormous class participation have all made this class a treasure trove of information and knowledge for those that seek it. I think having better quality content, like videos and discussion topics, can make a class have a greater appeal to students and draw them to have the desire to want to engage in those activities. Well done on this course so far!"	"As you mentioned, the first month can see a large amount of contributions made to the class, particularly in Piazza from students. This can certainly be overwhelming at times trying to read through each article. I know I don't have to read each one, but it's always nice to know what other students are talking about in case it's related to my topic, of interest to me on another level, or something that I can help contribute towards as well. Plus, I'm a little OCD and like to make sure I cover ever bit of information I can lol. Over the past couple weeks, I'm reaching a point where I take your advice on research papers, except in Piazza in this case, where you say just read the abstract to determine whether I'm interested before rea[lastname]g any more. I'll read the topic of Piazza post and decide whether I should continue rea[lastname]g or not. Perhaps this is a suggestion you could make to future classes as well. "	"No additional comments, other than how I have enjoyed the different perspective that this class has offered over the other OMS courses so far. Thanks and I look forward to the rest of the semester!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student26	1	0	2 - Somewhat confident	1 - Very confident	4 - About Right	4 - About Right	7 - Strongly Agree  (I am definitely learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	7 - Strongly Agree (I am definitely learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	7 - Strongly Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	On Piazza|Via E-Mail|Meeting in Person|Via the OMS Google Plus group	No Answer	5 - A Little Better than other OMS classes	7 - Enormously Better than non-OMS online classes.	5 - A Little Better than other college courses.	7 - Excellent	"What I really enjoy is the ability to focus on my own area of interest, it makes me more committed to my learning and engages in deep thought rather than just trying to memorize. Many courses only make you memorize some material for the duration of the course. I think the Ed tech approach leads to better learning by far. BUT it is good to have theory courses also because they give you the background you need before taking an open-ended courses like Ed tech."	I have no ideas for improvements at this time; the level of communication has been great; the feedback loop is fast (Saturday due date was a good idea); everything is moving along accor[lastname]g to the schedule; overall excellent experience so far.	No Answer[lastname]	[firstname]	Student90	1	0	1 - Very confident	1 - Very confident	4 - About Right	4 - About Right	7 - Strongly Agree  (I am definitely learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	7 - Strongly Agree (I am definitely learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	7 - Strongly Agree	5 - Agree Slightly	3 - Disagree Slightly	4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree	6 - Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	On Piazza	No Answer	6 - Significantly Better than other OMS classes	7 - Enormously Better than non-OMS online classes.	4 - About the Same as other college courses.	7 - Excellent	Free selection of a project	"The forum at Piazza has too many answers that are irrelevant.  Working full time and taking two classes, browsing through these questions is becoming a huge waste of time.    Maybe the way to solve this is to partition the class into smaller groups of, let's say 20 - 40 students.   it could be moderated by the same TA's but we would only see the students in our group."	No Answer[lastname]	[firstname]	Student91	1	0	1 - Very confident	1 - Very confident	4 - About Right	4 - About Right	6 - Agree  (I am almost definitely learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree (I am unsure of whether I am learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	5 - Agree Slightly	7 - Strongly Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	6 - Agree	On Piazza|Via another chat application	No Answer	6 - Significantly Better than other OMS classes	6 - Significantly Better than non-OMS online classes.	6 - Significantly Better than other college courses.	7 - Excellent	Peer reviews; Formal Forum participation requests made by the instructor; when appropriate project oriented courses; when appropriate some flexibility for choosing project subjects	"I still think some student focus material facilitated by the TAs or Instructor may be a better improvement, specially for some students who in some weeks at the beginning of the course, happen to not know what else to read or research. That happened to me by the third week approximately."	"I like how the peer feedback is being oriented. Having able to talk technically, professionally, collaborative, and sharing motivation along the progress our projects with other students, may be the best way to replace on-campus interaction, I think. How about if there were more courses like this, that allow you to work in your ideas, and other students follow the progress of other students projects, getting involve more deeply with them, they may realize that they have common ideas that can be integrated. That would be much better that just talking about specific question in the forum and in many cases not knowing much more about each other. Another idea is that analyzing how these peer reviews progress, can be a powerful way to put groups together, based on interests for example. It can be used also information from previous courses in this regard."[lastname]	[firstname]	Student42	1	0	4 - Somewhat unconfident	2 - Somewhat confident	4 - About Right	4 - About Right	6 - Agree  (I am almost definitely learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	3 - Disagree Slightly (I am likely not learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	6 - Agree	3 - Disagree Slightly	7 - Strongly Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	3 - Disagree Slightly	5 - Agree Slightly	On Piazza|Via E-Mail|Via another chat application	No Answer	5 - A Little Better than other OMS classes	6 - Significantly Better than non-OMS online classes.	5 - A Little Better than other college courses.	5 - Good	No Answer	No Answer	No Answer[lastname]	[firstname]	Student92	No submission																						[lastname]	[firstname]	Student15	1	0	1 - Very confident	1 - Very confident	5 - A Little Too Fast	4 - About Right	6 - Agree  (I am almost definitely learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	6 - Agree (I am almost definitely learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	6 - Agree	6 - Agree	"4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree 	"	4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree	3 - Disagree Slightly	5 - Agree Slightly	On Piazza	No Answer	4 - About the Same as other OMS classes	N/A - I have not taken any non-OMS online classes.	5 - A Little Better than other college courses.	5 - Good	"The self-directed research, it would be great if other courses encouraged the students for few weeks to work on topics of their choice."	"A little bit more guidance, peer feedback gives perspective of the reader, but without knowledge of the context, the response tend to be vague. It would be great if the peers chosen for feedback are working on similar topics."	"The pace of the exercises are too fast, tends to dilute the quality of the content, probably have higher expectations and spread the assignments."[lastname]	[firstname]	Student64	1	0	1 - Very confident	1 - Very confident	4 - About Right	4 - About Right	6 - Agree  (I am almost definitely learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree (I am unsure of whether I am learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	5 - Agree Slightly	6 - Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	6 - Agree	On Piazza|Via E-Mail|Via Phone or Teleconferencing	No Answer	6 - Significantly Better than other OMS classes	N/A - I have not taken any non-OMS online classes.	4 - About the Same as other college courses.	7 - Excellent	"The peer feedback and assignment structure.  Also, the instructor in this class is VERY active and helpful.  It is amazing that he is able to be so available with a class this large."	No Answer	Great class.[lastname]	[firstname]	Student38	1	0	1 - Very confident	2 - Somewhat confident	4 - About Right	4 - About Right	5 - Agree Slightly (I am likely learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree (I am unsure of whether I am learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	5 - Agree Slightly	6 - Agree	5 - Agree Slightly	7 - Strongly Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree	On Piazza|Via another chat application	No Answer	5 - A Little Better than other OMS classes	7 - Enormously Better than non-OMS online classes.	6 - Significantly Better than other college courses.	7 - Excellent	The engagement of the instructor and TA's is unique and makes me feel connected to the class and the program.  This connection to the entire staff (via a TA mentor) seems pretty atypical in OMSCS.	It is really too early to tell.  So far so good!	"I see this class as very different than other OMS courses but don't think they should all be like this.  There is a need for a mixture.  As far as I can tell, this is the only course that is really open-ended and ""researchy"" and it is fabulous because of that.  However, I don't think this model is right for every subject area, nor could it be carried off very well with every teaching style."[lastname]	Student93	Student93	1	0	1 - Very confident	2 - Somewhat confident	3 - A Little Too Slow	4 - About Right	7 - Strongly Agree  (I am definitely learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	7 - Strongly Agree (I am definitely learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	7 - Strongly Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	"4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree 	"	4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree	3 - Disagree Slightly	7 - Strongly Agree	On Piazza	No Answer	5 - A Little Better than other OMS classes	6 - Significantly Better than non-OMS online classes.	7 - Enormously Better than other college courses.	7 - Excellent	Project Development from start to end	I would like to have office hours other than pizza/slack/email communication	It would be awesome to structure more classes in a way where students can do research under supervision of the mentors.[lastname]	[firstname]	Student39	1	0	2 - Somewhat confident	2 - Somewhat confident	4 - About Right	4 - About Right	7 - Strongly Agree  (I am definitely learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	6 - Agree (I am almost definitely learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	7 - Strongly Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	6 - Agree	On Piazza|Via E-Mail	No Answer	6 - Significantly Better than other OMS classes	6 - Significantly Better than non-OMS online classes.	6 - Significantly Better than other college courses.	6 - Very Good	Weekly Announcements 	No Answer	No Answer[lastname]	[firstname]	Student55	1	0	3 - Neither confident nor unconfident	2 - Somewhat confident	4 - About Right	4 - About Right	7 - Strongly Agree  (I am definitely learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	7 - Strongly Agree (I am definitely learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	5 - Agree Slightly	7 - Strongly Agree	6 - Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	6 - Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	On Piazza|Via E-Mail|Via another chat application|Via the OMS Google Plus group|Other (please specify below)	Slack.  (This may count as another chat application.)	6 - Significantly Better than other OMS classes	7 - Enormously Better than non-OMS online classes.	7 - Enormously Better than other college courses.	7 - Excellent	"I think the self-driven project has been really, astonishingly valuable.  Obviously I expected to enjoy doing this because I came in with a desire to do a specific project, but what I didn't anticipate was that the fact that the course is driven by student research interests makes the discussion on Piazza much richer and more authentic.

The fact that the projects are all rather different also means that there's a lot less stress around ""how much can I help my classmate without it being too much?""  I struggle with this in classes which have, for example, problem sets - I hesitate to give too much help, and certainly never share an assignment that I've done, because I might be taking the challenge out of that assignment for my classmate.  On the flip side, in EdTech I can share as many details as I want (resources that I've come across, opinions on experimental design, etc.), because the work isn't dependent on having a particular insight or applying a particular procedure.

So, I would love to see more OMSCS classes with projects like this - or if we can't do projects like this, some other way of achieving these two effects."	"My only qualm thus far has been with assignment overlap: it's been hard for me to figure out how to prevent my assignments from all being very similar to one another.  (To the point where as I work on the project proposal I feel virtually everything I say, except for the schedule details, is just an echo of something I said in a previous assignment.)  I wish there were some explicit provisions for this situation (where your previous assignments already covered some or all of the salient points for a new assignment).

I think in future terms this may be easier to handle, because some exemplary assignments from this term could be made available.  (The fact that every project/area is different should help to reduce or eliminate the risk that this will lead to plagiarism.)"	"I've loved CS6460 so far - even more than I expected to, which is saying something.

I wonder about the reproducibility of this style of course.  I'm not sure whether it's the kind of thing that's only possible because Dr. Joyner is teaching it.  That said, if there *is* a way to have additional professors teach in this style, that would be pretty awesome."[lastname]	[firstname]	Student46	1	0	4 - Somewhat unconfident	2 - Somewhat confident	4 - About Right	4 - About Right	7 - Strongly Agree  (I am definitely learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	5 - Agree Slightly (I am likely learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	6 - Agree	6 - Agree	6 - Agree	6 - Agree	6 - Agree	6 - Agree	On Piazza	No Answer	4 - About the Same as other OMS classes	6 - Significantly Better than non-OMS online classes.	6 - Significantly Better than other college courses.	5 - Good	No Answer	No Answer	No Answer[lastname]	Student94	Student94	1	0	2 - Somewhat confident	2 - Somewhat confident	4 - About Right	4 - About Right	6 - Agree  (I am almost definitely learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	6 - Agree (I am almost definitely learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	"4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree 	"	2 - Disagree	2 - Disagree	3 - Disagree Slightly	4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree	6 - Agree	On Piazza|Via E-Mail|Via Phone or Teleconferencing|Via another chat application	No Answer	5 - A Little Better than other OMS classes	5 - A Little Better than non-OMS online classes.	5 - A Little Better than other college courses.	5 - Good	Would be nice to have mentors in other courses	Mentors should be more involved 	No Answer[lastname]	[firstname]	Student45	1	0	3 - Neither confident nor unconfident	3 - Neither confident nor unconfident	4 - About Right	3 - A Little Too Easy	5 - Agree Slightly (I am likely learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree (I am unsure of whether I am learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	6 - Agree	3 - Disagree Slightly	7 - Strongly Agree	6 - Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree	On Piazza|Via E-Mail|Via another chat application	No Answer	4 - About the Same as other OMS classes	6 - Significantly Better than non-OMS online classes.	6 - Significantly Better than other college courses.	5 - Good	I love the independence in choosing my project and would love to see it more in other classes as well.	"I am not a huge fan of paper style assignments, I would like to see more variety in assignments. Also, weekly assignments are little too much, I would want to start on my project sooner."	"I am loving the peer feedback I am getting from my classmates and I enjoy rea[lastname]g the posts on Piazza a lot although I don't often post a lot. There is so much that I am learning from Piazza alone, its incredible!"[lastname]	[lastname]	Student16	1	0	5 - Very unconfident	5 - Very unconfident	4 - About Right	4 - About Right	2 - Disagree (I am almost definitely not learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	2 - Disagree (I am almost definitely not learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	3 - Disagree Slightly	1 - Strongly Disagree	1 - Strongly Disagree	2 - Disagree	2 - Disagree	1 - Strongly Disagree	On Piazza|Via E-Mail	No Answer	2 - Not as Good as other OMS classes	2 - Not as Good as non-OMS online classes.	2 - Not as Good as other college courses.	3 - Poor	No Answer	More structure and feedback on assignments and expectations	"I feel adrift in this course, for the first time out of the 8 courses I am currently taken or have taken in the past. Very concerned."[lastname]	[firstname]	Student22	1	0	2 - Somewhat confident	2 - Somewhat confident	4 - About Right	4 - About Right	4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree (I am unsure of whether I am learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree (I am unsure of whether I am learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	5 - Agree Slightly	6 - Agree	6 - Agree	3 - Disagree Slightly	6 - Agree	5 - Agree Slightly	On Piazza|Via E-Mail|Via Phone or Teleconferencing	No Answer	6 - Significantly Better than other OMS classes	N/A - I have not taken any non-OMS online classes.	5 - A Little Better than other college courses.	6 - Very Good	I like the freedom of being able to draw on your own experience (along with additional research) to add to the knowledge base of others.  But ALSO to learn from the them as well - in this way it is mutually beneficial.   No one is an island - so we need to see issues and fin[lastname]gs from others in that way we learn from experiences of others.	It's taken a while to get used to the couse not being as structured as some of the others I have taken.   However I think I am falling into the groove now.  The forming of teams for the final project is more difficult as I am working with some very different individuals so gelling into a team takes a little bit of time - as we have to learn the skills and interests of each individual.	"Yes - and it influenced my answers above.   I have found that the KBAI and Computation Photography courses appear to be the best written courses that I have taken.  They were at about the right skill level and programming assignments (although the visual RPM was a real challenge!).

I think Teacher2 had not only significant contributions to KBAI (fall 2014) - but I think with Computational Photography too - newly created courses should follow them as an example.

I also find that [firstname]'s engagement in respon[lastname]g to questions and issues on Piazza refreshing ( did not see this as much in some other courses), so thank you!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student17	1	0	2 - Somewhat confident	2 - Somewhat confident	4 - About Right	4 - About Right	7 - Strongly Agree  (I am definitely learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	6 - Agree (I am almost definitely learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	7 - Strongly Agree	6 - Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	On Piazza|Via another chat application	No Answer	6 - Significantly Better than other OMS classes	N/A - I have not taken any non-OMS online classes.	6 - Significantly Better than other college courses.	7 - Excellent	"Communication, not all other OMSCS courses have as good communication in Piazza. Other courses are severely lacking in TA/Professor engagement and response times."	No Answer	No Answer[lastname]	Ned	Student30	1	0	1 - Very confident	1 - Very confident	3 - A Little Too Slow	4 - About Right	6 - Agree  (I am almost definitely learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	6 - Agree (I am almost definitely learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	7 - Strongly Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	6 - Agree	6 - Agree	6 - Agree	4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree	On Piazza|Via Phone or Teleconferencing|Via another chat application	n/a	N/A - I have not taken any other OMS classes.	N/A - I have not taken any non-OMS online classes.	N/A - I have not taken any college courses outside the OMS.	7 - Excellent	"1. Project driven.
2. Flexible schedule (really more than 6460).
3. [lastname]sparency.
4. More give and take with peer feedback.
5. REALLY appreciate the quality of other student's work and Piazza posts and the general 'lab' environment that contribute to sharing of info."	"1. more [lastname]sparency re: seeing what other students are working on early in the process - something closer to real time.
2. improved peer feedback forum.
3. improved Piazza forum.
4. improved gra[lastname]g rubrics.
5. Teacher2 and Teacher1 are fantastic... ;)"	Please see my other conversations with Teacher2 and Teacher1.[lastname]	[firstname]	Student95	1	0	1 - Very confident	2 - Somewhat confident	3 - A Little Too Slow	4 - About Right	4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree (I am unsure of whether I am learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	5 - Agree Slightly (I am likely learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	7 - Strongly Agree	6 - Agree	5 - Agree Slightly	6 - Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree	On Piazza	No Answer	6 - Significantly Better than other OMS classes	6 - Significantly Better than non-OMS online classes.	6 - Significantly Better than other college courses.	5 - Good	open ended projects	I would like to see an outline of what others are working on.  	the text box at the bottom of peerreview (where you type your comments) needs to be bigger.  Maybe 10 lines or so.[lastname]	[firstname]	Student96	1	0	4 - Somewhat unconfident	4 - Somewhat unconfident	6 - Too Fast	4 - About Right	4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree (I am unsure of whether I am learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	6 - Agree (I am almost definitely learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	5 - Agree Slightly	7 - Strongly Agree	3 - Disagree Slightly	3 - Disagree Slightly	6 - Agree	5 - Agree Slightly	On Piazza	No Answer	4 - About the Same as other OMS classes	6 - Significantly Better than non-OMS online classes.	6 - Significantly Better than other college courses.	5 - Good	I love the project and am really excited to work on it.	"I'm drowning in Piazza.  It's overwhelming and I get a sense that I'm not keeping up with important things on it.  

I would enjoy more lively discussion with my mentor but often forgot to check that thread."	"I have a nagging feeling that I'm not going to do well in the course.  On the other hand, I'm really enjoying the things I'm rea[lastname]g for my project.  I'm excited to learn this material and not sure if I'll actually have time to contribute to the field...just rea[lastname]g 4-5 books and internalizing it will likely take the rest of the semester.  I just feel like a project of any depth built on top of that is going to basically be a hack job.  My plan is to try to get a project working sooner (before I've learned enough) and try to refine it as I go.  

The alternative is to greatly increase the time I'm spen[lastname]g.  This is easier in other OMSCS classes because you can sense the required level and hit it.  This class is different to judge.  "[lastname]	[firstname]	Student97	1	0	2 - Somewhat confident	2 - Somewhat confident	4 - About Right	4 - About Right	5 - Agree Slightly (I am likely learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	5 - Agree Slightly (I am likely learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	5 - Agree Slightly	"4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree 	"	5 - Agree Slightly	6 - Agree	6 - Agree	5 - Agree Slightly	On Piazza	No Answer	4 - About the Same as other OMS classes	6 - Significantly Better than non-OMS online classes.	4 - About the Same as other college courses.	6 - Very Good	we should have subject matter expert as mentor as different project needs different expertise 	"Video lectures on basic educational technology materials, class design, curriculum/syllabus design etc."	"I am a bit overwhelmed with volume of piazza posts, i think we need a way to structure those posts into manageable chunk"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student98	1	0	5 - Very unconfident	5 - Very unconfident	5 - A Little Too Fast	4 - About Right	6 - Agree  (I am almost definitely learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	5 - Agree Slightly (I am likely learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	6 - Agree	6 - Agree	6 - Agree	6 - Agree	6 - Agree	4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree	On Piazza|Via E-Mail	No Answer	4 - About the Same as other OMS classes	4 - About the Same as non-OMS online classes.	4 - About the Same as other college courses.	6 - Very Good	Reminders of the Peer Review in T-square under Assignments. 	None	No[lastname]	[firstname]	Student59	1	0	3 - Neither confident nor unconfident	3 - Neither confident nor unconfident	4 - About Right	4 - About Right	5 - Agree Slightly (I am likely learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	3 - Disagree Slightly (I am likely not learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	3 - Disagree Slightly	6 - Agree	6 - Agree	6 - Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree	On Piazza|Via E-Mail|Via Phone or Teleconferencing|Via HipChat|Via another chat application	No Answer	5 - A Little Better than other OMS classes	5 - A Little Better than non-OMS online classes.	5 - A Little Better than other college courses.	5 - Good	Mentor! Even the minimal personal guidance is tremendously helpful.	More differen[firstname]tion among different assignments (at least for the ini[firstname]l assignment series). 	"There is so much going on in Piazza, and I am afraid that I am missing useful things and/or not participating enough."[lastname]	[firstname]	Student99	1	0	1 - Very confident	1 - Very confident	4 - About Right	4 - About Right	7 - Strongly Agree  (I am definitely learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	7 - Strongly Agree (I am definitely learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	7 - Strongly Agree	5 - Agree Slightly	6 - Agree	6 - Agree	6 - Agree	4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree	On Piazza	No Answer	6 - Significantly Better than other OMS classes	7 - Enormously Better than non-OMS online classes.	6 - Significantly Better than other college courses.	7 - Excellent	No Answer	"Not sure how to do it--but somehow need to work on the timing of feedback from mentors for assignments. I know it's a quick turn-around for them as well to give meaningful feedback, but often we get feedback on Thursday or Friday, and it's too late to [lastname]e direction (in my opinion). The feedback itself has been great though--and is usually incorporated a week later..."	No Answer[lastname]	[firstname]	Student100	1	0	2 - Somewhat confident	2 - Somewhat confident	4 - About Right	3 - A Little Too Easy	4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree (I am unsure of whether I am learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	3 - Disagree Slightly (I am likely not learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	6 - Agree	3 - Disagree Slightly	6 - Agree	7 - Strongly Agree	4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree	4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree	On Piazza|Meeting in Person	No Answer	5 - A Little Better than other OMS classes	7 - Enormously Better than non-OMS online classes.	4 - About the Same as other college courses.	5 - Good	I do like the open ended project and the idea of a mentor helping to guide you through some of your self-study.	"Probably a bit more definition and structure to the assignments. And probably a bit more to ""encourage"" us to dig deeper into the course library. I've not read as much as I feel I should and based on many of the assignments I've read through peer feedback, I can tell I'm not alone. I think maybe you might require a little more rigor around the identification of an academic literature / theory base. Perhaps require that we create a bibliography pretty early on? As it stands, it's be pretty easy to stay mostly in the tool space. And in some cases not even in the edtech tool space. Oh, and assignments due Sunday nights."	So far so good for a first stab at this form of online course. I'm a little concerned that things will kind of peter out a bit as everyone separates into their teams and focuses on projects. But perhaps that's by design.[lastname]	[firstname]	Student101	1	0	2 - Somewhat confident	2 - Somewhat confident	4 - About Right	4 - About Right	6 - Agree  (I am almost definitely learning as much in this class as I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	5 - Agree Slightly (I am likely learning more in this class than I would in a more traditionally-structured class)	7 - Strongly Agree	6 - Agree	2 - Disagree	5 - Agree Slightly	7 - Strongly Agree	4 - Neither Agree nor Disagree	On Piazza	No Answer	N/A - I have not taken any other OMS classes.	N/A - I have not taken any non-OMS online classes.	6 - Significantly Better than other college courses.	6 - Very Good	The Peer Feedback is priceless and it is the most effective learning method I have learned from so far this semester.	"There needs to be less people in a class, too many people make it less personal, not to mention trying to keep on the forums is crazy. •À_I believe if there was a way to incorporate a LIVE interactive class period (video, audio, chat), lets say once a week, I feel it would make the participation so much better. This is Computer Science right, why limit our options to discussion boards? Do not get me wrong, message boards are still a good communication tool and should remain an option, but why not take advantage of technology and use it in it's entirety.•À_Peer Feedback = BEST thing so far I have encountered this semester. If there were/are any plans to evolve or add to it, I say do it."	No Answer