Last Name	First Name	User Name	Order of Submission (1=first)	Final Score	Question 1 text	Question 2 text	Question 3 text	Question 4 text	Question 5 text	Question 6 text	Question 7 text	Question 8 text	Question 9 text	Question 10 text	Question 11 text	Question 12 text	Question 13 text	Question 14 text	Question 15 text	Question 16 text	Question 17 text	Question 18 text	Question 19 text	Question 20 text	Question 21 text[lastname]	[firstname]	Student36	1	0	18 to 24	Male	1: United States of Am[firstname]a	1: United States of Am[firstname]a	1: Texas	1: English	Native speaker	"UTC -06:00 (Central Time Zone US & Canada, Eastern Mexico, Central Am[firstname]a)"	Bachelors Degree	9-12 hours per week	8	1	10+	"I'm specializing in Interactive Intelligence, and I thought this course would be a nice fit for finishing my degree. I also write internal education software at AT&T, so I have some additional background in the subject matter. I may be able to apply some techniques I already know, as well as take techniques learned back to my work in the office."	"Part time mastersPaid for by my companyGeorgia Tech has a good software reputationMasters degree opportunity came at a good time"	"Intelligent tutoring systems, article based learning, group learning, and student skill analysis is all interesting to me."	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student66	1	0	18 to 24	Male	1: United States	1: United States	1: Florida	1: English	Native speaker	"UTC -05:00 (Eastern Time Zone US & Canada, Western parts of South Am[firstname]a and the Caribbean)"	Bachelors Degree	6-9 hours per week	1	1	0	I like the idea of project-based learning and am excited to take on a semester-long project rather than simply watch a series of lectures and do the associated homework/quizzes/tests.	I graduated with a bachelor's degree in Electrical Engineering and I wanted to get a masters' degree in Computer Science to get accreditation that I can indeed program as well as to open up new job opportunities going forward.	"I am extremely interested in game-based learning. If I could find the right project, game-based learning would be my first choice. In general, I find the concept of utilizing machine learning to perform automated mentoring very interesting as well.I am looking to do a design project (as opposed to a research project). I want to create a tool at the end of the day rather than publish an academic publication on my research."	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"No, please do not post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"No, please do not post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student53	1	0	25 to 34	Male	1: Mexico	1: USA	1: Texas	1: Spanish	Fully fluent (non-native speaker)	"UTC -06:00 (Central Time Zone US & Canada, Eastern Mexico, Central Am[firstname]a)"	Bachelors Degree	6-9 hours per week	4	1	3-Feb	"I like the research oriented nature of this course, I believe this course is a lot about thinking and being creative, looking forward to that. I also hope to get something tangible out of this course (like the course's description suggested, an academical publication or start-up business)."	"The perfect mix of a part-time online Masters program, on a well recognized school, for a very affordable price and related to an area of study I am interested in."	"This is very preliminary, I still need to give it some thought, and even see if they make sense under this class's context, but I have two options in mind:1) Enterprise education/training particularly towards user adoption of new systems.2) Education / KW Ex[lastname]e systems for underdeveloped communities. Along the lines of micro-finance and mobility."	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student18	1	0	25 to 34	Male	1: Pakistan	1: Pakistan	1: Punjab	1: Urdu	Par[firstname]lly fluent	"UTC +05:00 (Central Asia, India)"	Bachelors Degree	9-12 hours per week	2	0	3-Feb	"I am writing this from a country having lowest literacy rate. I consider myself privileged to be able to access quality education thanks to educational technology. Somehow this course really motivates me and I feel passionately about it, and wanted to contribute something back to it."	OMSCS is my only option to access quality education at an affordable price.	I don¥Ë_t have anything specific in my mind to work on in this class right now. I am still exploring educational technology domain.	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student1	1	0	35 to 44	Male	1: Japan	1: USA	1: FL	1: English	Native speaker	"UTC -05:00 (Eastern Time Zone US & Canada, Western parts of South Am[firstname]a and the Caribbean)"	Masters Degree	12-15 hours per week	3	1	10-May	"The course works for my combination of interest in technology and education. As a one-time high school teacher and frequent online history adjunct it's clear that it is often hard to define the reasons why people struggle with learning and even harder to figure out how to leverage technology to help them. I want to see if I can come up with meaningful ideas and research to reduce the problem. Also, I plan on specializing in Interactive Intelligence and this is an elective for that course of study. "	"I love to learn more about the subjects I'm interested in, but have a tendency to drift from topic to topic if there is no consequence (grades) so this works better for me than just taking random courses online. Also I have reached a point in my career where I want to stay in this field, but not have writing code as my primary focus. I don't have a CS undergrad degree, so my options are limited. I'm hoping that getting a master's degree will open up new opportunities to do interesting work. I was previously enrolled in an online CS program through Georgia Southern, but it only focused on software development, which is why I applied to OMSCS."	I'd like to do something with adult learners/nontraditional students and using technology to help them learn. When I teach courses online these types of students have a tendency to struggle with learning. I wondering if VR could be a way to better engage them and lessen their difficulties. So it would fall under the category of intelligent tutoring systems. I'm thinking of possibly leveraging Unity and Google's Cardboard VR to  build a prototype once I have a better idea of what build and what I'm measuring.  	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"No, I'll add it later!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student2	1	0	18 to 24	Male	1: US	1: US	1: Washington	1: English	Native speaker	UTC -08:00 (Pacific Time Zone US & Canada)	Bachelors Degree	15-18 hours per week	3	1	5-Mar	"I have a passion for education. The combination of this interest area with a project based format made the course very attractive to me. Plus, I saw [firstname] was lea[lastname]g the course and, while I haven't taken another course with him, I'd heard great things."	"My undergraduate degree is in Aeronautical Engineering & Mechanical Engineering. I started because I liked math, liked making stuff, and wanted a challenge. A few months after graduation, I started to feel like I wasn't really ""making"" stuff anymore. A long time programmer, I started to take interest in becoming an actual computer scientist. I selected OMSCS over University of Washington's professional master's program (MSCS) because of the online flexibility, and because I wanted to be part of something new and revolutionary!"	"I don't at this time -- my plan's to spend an appreciable amount of time on the ini[firstname]l research phase to help myself narrow. I will say I'm very interested in higher education as well as continuing education. Further, I think of the suggested course outcomes I'm most interested in creating a software product/start-up. Or, in doing research... it's so hard to choose when you want to do it all."	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I do not agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student67	1	0	25 to 34	Male	1: Peru	1: USA	1: GA	1: English	Fully fluent (non-native speaker)	"UTC -05:00 (Eastern Time Zone US & Canada, Western parts of South Am[firstname]a and the Caribbean)"	Bachelors Degree	6-9 hours per week	6	1	3-Feb	"- I want to explore all the problems that surround education and how I can contribute towards a possible solution- I want to be able to explore educational issues that surround the organization of online resources and how can people better ""optimize"" their time spent learning on the web. - [firstname] made my experience in KBAI great and have no doubt he will do the same for this class"	The return on investment cannot be beat. GT is an amazing school (got my B.S. there) and know a masters degree from Tech would open many doors for me.	"The 3 major areas of interest are (in no particular order)- Intelligent recommendation system for online classes- Bringing online education to developing countries- Keeping a ""learner"" motivated. Why are some people more inclined to be lifelong learners while others don't have that ""drive""? Is it genetic? Does the people around them play a factor? How about their environment? etc"	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student68	1	0	25 to 34	Male	1: US	1: US	1: MA	1: English	Native speaker	"UTC -05:00 (Eastern Time Zone US & Canada, Western parts of South Am[firstname]a and the Caribbean)"	Masters Degree	9-12 hours per week	0	0	5-Mar	I have a background in education and in educational technology. So I thought that this course would be a good place for me to get started in this online program.	"I have a practical foundation in computer science, but I would like to gain a more academic foundation. I think that this will help me in the future of my career."	I do not really have any ideas. I feel like I will need to get started with the course a bit to know what I want to work on.	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student33	1	0	35 to 44	Male	1: Bahamas	1: United States	1: Georgia	1: English	Native speaker	"UTC -05:00 (Eastern Time Zone US & Canada, Western parts of South Am[firstname]a and the Caribbean)"	Masters Degree	9-12 hours per week	4	1	3-Feb	This seemed to be somewhat interesting based on course description.	To further and develop future career opportunities.	I think language learning and intelligent tutoring may be interesting to me.	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student20	1	0	25 to 34	Male	1: US	1: US	1: NJ	1: English	Native speaker	"UTC -05:00 (Eastern Time Zone US & Canada, Western parts of South Am[firstname]a and the Caribbean)"	Bachelors Degree	6-9 hours per week	5	1	10+	I have prior experience with educational technology and would like to continue exploring new methods of learning with technology.	To enhance my technical capabilities and expand my professional network.	No Answer	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student70	1	0	25 to 34	Male	1: Mexico	1: USA	1: VA	1: Spanish/English	Fully fluent (non-native speaker)	"UTC -05:00 (Eastern Time Zone US & Canada, Western parts of South Am[firstname]a and the Caribbean)"	Bachelors Degree	6-9 hours per week	5	1	1	I think this can be a very interesting course since likely we will be discussing the future of education where the MOOC model may play a very important role.	"First of all it is an online program which is very important for people with a full time job.Second, it is a very important University offering a Masters to an affordable price."	"Probably language learning or intelligent tutoring systems, but honestly I need to read more about them."	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student61	1	0	35 to 44	Male	1: USA	1: USA	1: FL	1: English	Native speaker	"UTC -06:00 (Central Time Zone US & Canada, Eastern Mexico, Central Am[firstname]a)"	Bachelors Degree	15-18 hours per week	2	0	10-May	To continue working on an idea/project I started in KBAI	To learn and challenge myself. I already make good money.	"Yes.An assistant to help student learn and [lastname]sfer existing knowledge from one programming language to another."	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student63	1	0	35 to 44	Female	1: Taiwan	1: US	1: OR	1: Chinese	Par[firstname]lly fluent	UTC -08:00 (Pacific Time Zone US & Canada)	No Answer	9-12 hours per week	2	1	0	I am interested in developing intelligent tutoring system for general physics. I believe this will benefit student with instant feedback. 	I want to prepare myself back to job [firstname]et. The flexibility of taking class is the best fit for my schedule.  	I would like to develop intelligent tutoring system for high school physic. 	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student24	1	0	45 to 54	Male	1: India	1: USA	1: Minnesota	1: English	Fully fluent (non-native speaker)	"UTC -06:00 (Central Time Zone US & Canada, Eastern Mexico, Central Am[firstname]a)"	Bachelors Degree	12-15 hours per week	5	1	3-Feb	"Being a student again after working professionally for 22 years, it struck me how little has [lastname]ed in the way the Education is imparted despite huge strides in the Technological [lastname]es over the last 2 decades. With all the advances in Technology ( I still remember the days when for the first time I laid eyes on a Television set in 70's and look how far we have came since then) the classes have became virtual, all the resources are available online, however we still have a long way to go when it comes to developing the tools for making education readily available to masses. I would love to know more about the Educational Technologies available and what could be done to improve these."	"Affordability is the major reason for enrolling in OMSCS program, besides the flexibility of time. I have spent major part of my life as a Civil Engineer. A few years back I did my Bachelors in Computer Science and wanted to continue my Masters, but  could not afford as I started working to save for my son's education."	"Every semester thousands of student try to enroll for the classes of their choices in OMSCS program, however majority of them have to do with the classes which was their third or fourth choice of preference, due to limited amount of seats available. Student Course Scheduling remains a huge problem for every university, I believe these problems can be managed in a better way by use of Intelligent decision process tools to ba[firstname] the availability of seats each class based on student requirements."	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see; however, please only post an anonymized version."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library; however, please only post an anonymized version."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"No, I'll add it later!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student71	1	0	55 to 64	Male	1: USA	1: USA	1: Wisconsin	1: English	Native speaker	"UTC -06:00 (Central Time Zone US & Canada, Eastern Mexico, Central Am[firstname]a)"	Bachelors Degree	15-18 hours per week	5	0	3-Feb	"I'm taking CS6460 because after a two career life and approaching (in about 10 years) retirement, I would like to perhaps help build something that can impart knowledge and experience onto other generations. That may sound lofty but I've been a bit of a dreamer my whole life. It also doesn't hurt that these are credits for the specialization I'm interested in, which also is a specialization that I think serves a similar purpose (imparting knowledge). "	I wanted to expand my technical knowledge. I had gotten a bit stale and had always wanted to pursue a masters but never found the time or money. This program was an excellent opportunity for me to hone my skills in a fast [lastname]ing field. I've worked 28 years in CS related fields and still plan to work about 10 more. This is a perfect way for me to access a world class program without having to be on campus.	"I've thought a little bit about some sort of ""soft skills"" training for personal interaction learning. This can be invaluable to people who want to pursue employment or educational opportunities but who struggle with social interaction either from a physical condition or environment. It is part of a much bigger program for the disadvantaged that a niece of mine is involved with in Wisconsin."	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student3	1	0	18 to 24	Male	1: US	1: US	1: SC	1: English	Native speaker	"UTC -05:00 (Eastern Time Zone US & Canada, Western parts of South Am[firstname]a and the Caribbean)"	Bachelors Degree	6-9 hours per week	3	0	0	"I run my own contracting firm in which I consult with K-12 Charter and Private schools adopting mobile technology in the classroom. I am interested in this course primarily to delve into the IT side of supporting successful implementations of Educational Technology. In terms of a project, I am unsure what topic of research will help me better understand this side of the field and how I can ""contribute.""  However, I am passionate about offering educational institutions affordable technology solutions. The key [firstname]eting problem I face is that K-12 schools all want enterprise networks / technology in the classroom but aren't always willing to pay for enterprise support (whatever that reason may be). If I can turn this dilemma into a project, that would be ideal."	Gain competitive advantage in industry without hol[lastname]g-off career.	"Per the Library of Topics, primarily interested in the following; order num[firstname]ally: 1.) Mobile Devices (implementation; not development) 2.) Technology in the classroom 3.) Privacy in Education 4.) Gender, Tech, and Education For topics not listed: 1.) IT Support in Ed Tech 2.) K-12 Computer Science curriculum (i.e. Code.org)"	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"No, please do not post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"No, please do not post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I do not agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student48	1	0	25 to 34	Male	1: United States	1: United STates	1: Washington	1: English	Native speaker	UTC -08:00 (Pacific Time Zone US & Canada)	Bachelors Degree	9-12 hours per week	2	1	1	Explore EdTech to learn more about it to be able to provide useful insight and tools into the field. It would also be interesting to see how the current young students learn and how that process can be improved.	"Goal of obtaining a valuable MSCS degree. I've wanted to earn one since I graduated with my BSCET over 10 years ago, and between work and cost I never had the opportunity. With the lower cost of OMSCS and online classes this is the perfect opportunity for me."	"I an interested in a few topics- Speech therapy- tech to help improve youth rea[lastname]g comprehension.- Improving class registration and scheduling experience"	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student72	1	0	55 to 64	Male	1: USA	1: USA	1: NC	1: English	Native speaker	"UTC -05:00 (Eastern Time Zone US & Canada, Western parts of South Am[firstname]a and the Caribbean)"	Bachelors Degree	9-12 hours per week	5	0	0	My idea of a master degree prior to beginning this program definitely included some research and published writings. With this class I see an excellently chance to challenge myself to do just that. I see this course as an opportunity to provide something useful to the larger education community.	I enrolled in hopes of gaining knowledge that would help me keep pace with the ever [lastname]ing field of system engineering and to build up my resume for a poten[firstname]l job [lastname]e.	"I am very interested in the Montessori style of teaching children and how technology is currently viewed by these educators. Montessori classrooms are not just in private schools anymore, but public schools have begun to establish Montessori classrooms and/or entire schools. I would like to examine both public and private schools and how they view the use of technology in Montessori classrooms. I would also like to explore how technology could address problem areas of the classroom."	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student35	1	0	35 to 44	Male	1: USA	1: USA	1: CT	1: ENGLISH	Native speaker	"UTC -05:00 (Eastern Time Zone US & Canada, Western parts of South Am[firstname]a and the Caribbean)"	High School (or international equivalent)	9-12 hours per week	3	3	0	Learn more about education technologies (I already work in academic IT) and produce a research paper on what I learn during the course.	Producing research.	1. Incorporating information retrieval techniques in educational technologies. These techniques can be useful in understan[lastname]g student behavior.	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student34	1	0	25 to 34	Female	1: United States	1: Switzerland	"1: Pennsylvania, usually, Vaud right now"	1: English	Native speaker	"UTC +01:00 (Central Africa, West-Central Europe)"	Bachelors Degree	9-12 hours per week	5	2	10-May	Interest in learning enough to be able to contribute something useful for other classes.	Improve my knowledge base.	[firstname] has a whoooooole list of them already...	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"No, please do not post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"No, please do not post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student65	1	0	35 to 44	Female	1: USA	1: USA	1: Pennsylvania	1: English	Native speaker	"UTC -05:00 (Eastern Time Zone US & Canada, Western parts of South Am[firstname]a and the Caribbean)"	Bachelors Degree	12-15 hours per week	2	0	3-Feb	"I am a high school calculus and computer science teacher. I've taken two courses over two semesters in this program so far, and already have been able to apply so much of the things I've learned to my classes. Not just technical content, but in delivery and all aspects of course management as well. When I saw this class was going to be offered, I jumped at the chance to work alongside [firstname] again, as he clearly has a passion for what he does and I felt there is so much to learn from his and the others involved in this course. I've participated in a one-to-one environment (iPads) in one school I worked for, and this past year I spent a semester participating in a limited pilot program for a one-to-one ini[firstname]tive (Android tablets) at my current school. Both experiences were lackluster. Training was non-existent and it was up to the teachers in both scena[lastname] to recreate their own wheels, so to speak. There are many resources out there, but the learning curve and also just the resource discovery curve are very steep. And I feel it never really clicked quite right. Especially for calculus, resources for higher level math were pretty much non-existent (or undiscovered by me). Sometimes a big issue was simply that students didn't have the skills yet to utilize the technology -- and in a class like calculus, we don't have time to teach technology along side our content. Also, many teachers are not very enthusiastic about embracing technology in the classroom because they don't want to [lastname]e their time-tested approaches to their content areas. As a huge believer in Educational Technology, I sometimes feel I am alone with only a few coworkers who share my excitement. To participate in a class like this is absolutely amazing. From the teacher perspective, I look forward to learning about educational technology and how I can use it in my classroom. But from the engineer/computer scientist in me, I am THRILLED to have an opportunity to contribute the field and to create something to make my own, something to meet my needs. I am very enthusiastic about exploring educational technology and contributing to it! "	"I enrolled in the OMSCS program because it has been since 1994 that I got my undergrad degree in Electrical Engineering, and though I worked doing software modeling in a couple different jobs for a while, it has been a long time and my skills were quite outdated. Back in 2009 I did a career [lastname]e and went back to school to became a high school teacher, certified in Math and Physics (don't get me started on how my state lumps computer science in the business department where it is more out of place than a cat at a dog show, making me qualified but not certified to teach it). I am teaching calculus and computer science, and sometimes I feel like my computer science skills have regressed to what I see and teach every day--basic level stuff. So I really wanted to update my skills as well as keep my career options open if I ever decide to return to industry. I have only been in the program since Fall 2014, and I've gotten so much more out of the program than I thought possible. This is one of the best decisions I've ever made."	"Because I am a secondary education teacher, my primary interests are in using and developing classroom technology for course management (akin to T-Square/Udacity), content delivery in classroom, assessment and feedback, intelligent tutoring systems, and peer feedback. I and also interested in how students can use technology outside the classroom to aid learning, and what new technology needs to be developed in that area. I teach calculus and computer science. These are very different in many ways. I have had difficulty utilizing technology in calculus courses, either because I am unaware of resources out there or because resources for (advanced) math are limited. We are not going to ""make a video"" or ""play a game"", which is what school-provided EdTech training keeps gong back to. It's just not appropriate for higher level math. Assessing student notation, steps to solution, and approach seem to come back to paper and pencil w/ old fashion review by instructor. I am relatively newer at teaching computer science, and technology seems to come naturally to that. But there is still a lot of lag on the back end with content creation, project gra[lastname]g and assessment, etc. I am interested in creating ways to utilize a one-to-one environment to make it functional and useful to students and teachers.  I have almost 100 computer science students across multiple sections of 3 courses--and it's just me. Some sort of automation of some tasks would be helpful to create. My AP students, for instance, not only need to learn programming, but they must prepare for the AP exam, which means they need to practice test-type questions. There are many question banks out there, but one thing I'd like to do is make some sort of automated delivery and feedback based on concepts in the course matched with questions. But this is only one possible idea.  I also acknowledge that in the area of Ed Tech there are probably several things out there that already do what I am looking for in the various needs I have. But I have not found best-match solutions for my needs....so perhaps that's why I'm here...to create it. So overall I am unfocused yet on any particular idea. I'm looking forward to learning about possibilities here!"	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student73	1	0	25 to 34	Male	1: USA	1: USA	1: CT	1: English	Native speaker	"UTC -05:00 (Eastern Time Zone US & Canada, Western parts of South Am[firstname]a and the Caribbean)"	Masters Degree	6-9 hours per week	4	0	1	For my concentration and because I liked Teacher2's teaching a lot in KBAI	"Love learning, would like a CS masters"	"I love diving in to code, but just got into the class so haven't thought too much about it yet."	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student74	1	0	25 to 34	Male	1: Argentina	1: US	1: Kentucky	1: English	Fully fluent (non-native speaker)	"UTC -06:00 (Central Time Zone US & Canada, Eastern Mexico, Central Am[firstname]a)"	Bachelors Degree	9-12 hours per week	4	0	5-Mar	"I am taking this class for many reasons, but probably the main ones span from my research this past summer on the topic of constructivism and my previous experience as a TA for calculus, as a tutor for math and computer science, and a few semesters as an adjunct professor of programming 1 and 2, and introduction to software. There are multiple challenges in education, from traditional students switching to massive online courses, to students with disabilities that in the last few years have started carrying incredibly powerful devices in their pockets, all the time. I feel we live in a fantastic moment where we have an explosion of tools to address many of these challenges, but because of the massive amount of resources it can be difficult to focus and build something truly useful. I hope this class will help in that regard."	"Ultimately, it comes down to missing the academic environment. I did not have a ""need"" per se for my career at the moment, and was never able to justify the expense of a masters degree just to get back in the swing of things. But the online nature of the OMSCS and its price point made it a possibility."	"I'd really like to have a product by the end of this class, and I'm particularly interested on it being a piece of mobile software. It can be an actual tool used for a set of learners to acquire knowledge or a tool for researchers to be able to gather data that would help them research a topic related to learning (leveraging, for example research kit on iOS). "	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student4	1	0	35 to 44	Male	1: India	1: India	1: Chandigarh	1: Punjabi	Fully fluent (non-native speaker)	"UTC +05:00 (Central Asia, India)"	Bachelors Degree	12-15 hours per week	2	No Answer	10-May	"I enrolled into OMSCS program last year and took a one year break from my present organization to focus on studies. During this break I also had the opportunity to teach 3rd year computer science undergraduates. From nearly zero technological aid in classroom, I was able to introduce some of the tools such as Hackerrank for online co[lastname]g and objective assessments, piazza for offline classroom discussions and MOOC courses such as Algorithm courses from Stanford and Princeton universities in the classes  With the help of technology and a practical approach I was able to see a dramatic [lastname]e in the learning ourcomes. Students understood the subjects better and their hit rate in getting selected to good product companies was considerably higher than students who were not part of this program Having a first hand experience of results emanating from intersection of education and technology, I had no question in my mind that I wanted to take this class. I am thrilled at the prospect of learning deep into educational technology space and make a useful contribution in this space. The fact that I can apply my learnings and outcomes in real time to my current students also adds to the reason of taking this class."	"Even though I have been in the IT industry for the last 14 years, I always felt the need to get a formal education in computer science (my bachelors degree is in Mechanical). I always felt the lack of depth when understa[lastname]g or resolving a tough problem. Leaving job and joining a course full time was not an option for me. OMSCS program provided me a prefect opportunity for me to realize my wish to have a formal education in computer science."	I do not have a concrete idea but Intelligent Tutoring Systems is definitely an area that interests me. Real time feedback without human intervention has immensely helped the class which I am tutoring. I want to study this field in depth and see if I can realize an idea to further help the students	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student75	1	0	35 to 44	Male	1: Bangladesh	1: USA	1: NY	1: Bengali	Fully fluent (non-native speaker)	"UTC -05:00 (Eastern Time Zone US & Canada, Western parts of South Am[firstname]a and the Caribbean)"	Bachelors Degree	9-12 hours per week	4	1	0	"1. This course is project based 2. It's a great opportunity to explorer the all kind education technology as I have 2 kids 3. I would like to actively participate for our community to improve the education technology."	"1. It's flexible as we can take the courses online 2. The tuition cost is reasonable 3. Most of the folks are very talented and it's a great opportunity to work with all of those persons."	"Do you have any very preliminary ideas for what you'd like to work on in this class (e.g. language learning, intelligent tutoring systems, modeling student behavior, etc.)? If so, briefly describe it here - we'll try to use this to match you with the ideal mentor."	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"No, I'll add it later!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student19	1	0	18 to 24	Male	1: El Salvador	1: United States	1: North Carolina	1: Spanish	Fully fluent (non-native speaker)	"UTC -05:00 (Eastern Time Zone US & Canada, Western parts of South Am[firstname]a and the Caribbean)"	Bachelors Degree	12-15 hours per week	2	1	5-Mar	I used to be a TA when I was completing my Bachelors Degree. I really enjoyed the teaching responsibilities I had so when I heard about this class I was very interested.	I believe that at some point later in my life I would like to become a university professor. Having a graduate degree is a requirement. When Georgia Tech announced the OMSCS program I couldn't pass an opportunity to study under one of the most renown universities in the US.	"I'm not entirely sure what path I want to explore, but I'm interested in fin[lastname]g ways to teach kids programming/analytical skills early. Getting them interested in science and tech."	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student76	1	0	25 to 34	Male	1: United States of Am[firstname]a	1: United States of Am[firstname]a	1: Arizona	1: English	Native speaker	"UTC -07:00 (Mountain Time Zone US & Canada, Western Mexico)"	Bachelors Degree	9-12 hours per week	4	0	0	"Because:1) Novel topic for a MOOC2) Correct specialization3) Excitement for the subject matter4) Teacher2 is lea[lastname]g the course"	"To further my knowledge of Computer Science and learn new tools/best practices to implement both at work and my own personal hobbies.  Now that I am in OMSCS, I am very, very excited about artificial intelligence (having had no previous exposure)."	"I am primarily interested in developing an intelligent tutoring system for toddlers.  I would like to keep learning fresh and exciting through technology, but not ONLY through computer screens alone - I would like to incorporate some robotics elements if possible."	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"Hall	[firstname]	Student77	1	0	25 to 34	Female	1: USA	1: USA	1: California	1: English	Native speaker	UTC -08:00 (Pacific Time Zone US & Canada)	Bachelors Degree	9-12 hours per week	4	1	10+	I'm entering the field of EdTech with a new role as PM at Udacity. I hope to get exposure to broad project areas (via the projects that my classmates are working on) in addition to diving deep into a specific focus area that is specific to my work at Udacity.	I needed an asynchronous curriculum that fit into my life working full time.	"None yet, poten[firstname]lly mobile (since most third world countries coming online will be using tablet or phone devices for internet access)."	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"No, please do not post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"Hall	[firstname]	Student78	1	0	35 to 44	Female	"1: Denver City, Tx"	1: US	1: Ga	1: English	Native speaker	"UTC -05:00 (Eastern Time Zone US & Canada, Western parts of South Am[firstname]a and the Caribbean)"	Bachelors Degree	12-15 hours per week	5	1	10+	Part of my specialization	Continue my education	No Answer	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"He	[firstname]	Student5	1	0	18 to 24	Male	1: China	1: USA	1: FL	1: Chinese	Par[firstname]lly fluent	"UTC -05:00 (Eastern Time Zone US & Canada, Western parts of South Am[firstname]a and the Caribbean)"	Bachelors Degree	6-9 hours per week	6	1	1	"Gain insights in Educational Technology, work on a project that can be used to better people's teaching & learning. Use what I learn here for my future volunteering classes at my local library."	Learn as much as I can and enrich myself with the latest in Computer Science.	I would like to work on a tool that can be used to better teaching & learning experiences. I do not yet have a specific idea yet but I am willing to explore and work in a team on a cool project.	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student58	1	0	25 to 34	Male	1: Canada	1: Canada	1: Ontario	1: English	Native speaker	"UTC -05:00 (Eastern Time Zone US & Canada, Western parts of South Am[firstname]a and the Caribbean)"	Bachelors Degree	15-18 hours per week	3	2	5-Mar	I am looking for the opportunity to conduct research on a subject area that interests me.  	"To help [lastname]sition into a computer science related career from another industry, while maintaining flexibility that traditional in-class instruction doesn't provide."	"When I reviewed the broad topics in the material, intelligent tutors stands out as the most interesting.  My primary interests are related to intelligent system design and I think that intelligent tutors have the poten[firstname]l to make significant impact on the education system. "	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student6	1	0	35 to 44	Male	1: Canada	1: Canada	1: Manitoba	1: English	Native speaker	"UTC -06:00 (Central Time Zone US & Canada, Eastern Mexico, Central Am[firstname]a)"	Bachelors Degree	9-12 hours per week	4	0	0	"My wife recently completed her thesis based master's degree in community health and epidemiology.  I was intrigued by the research process.  During the course of my career, I have put a lot of value into experience vs. education.  I now see greater value in the education/research aspect to computer science, and would like to experience this part of academia.Secondly, while due to personal reasons I was not able to complete KBAI, I found during my time in that class that Dr. Joyner was a very enthusiastic participant in the OMSCS program.  I believe that this course will be well run, and if there are any problems, he will be able to deal with them in a fair manner.And finally, the company that I work for has a large education department.  I believe that I will be able to combine work and school together in a way that will benefit all parties."	"I was looking for a different job, and while going through job interviews, there was a recurring theme.I have been with the same company for 20 years.  Due to some choices (stay-at-home dad), I have not had a traditional career path.  So while I have significant experience and a successful career, that didn't [lastname]slate into something a new employer could easily buy into.I know this isn't part of the question, but by having enrolled in this program, I realized that while I was experienced in a specific area, I didn't realize how much things had [lastname]ed.  The OMSCS course has opened my eyes to many new experiences, and has been worth the effort."	"I enrolled in this course with one idea, to research the cultural differences in education technology.  The company that I work for has a global education department.While that idea is still a possibility, in speaking with the director of the education department, another idea was suggested.  Develop a tool to assist with teaching a specific skillset (image matching).  However, in talking with the education department staff, someone has recently started working on that project internally. So on to idea #3.  One of the courses currently offered by our department is a multi-page powerpoint.  They are not sure how to modify it to bring it up to ""modern-day"" education standards, but it needs to be done by December.  I'm thinking of comparing the old teaching style with the new teaching style, and seeing if there is a significant improvement in knowledge retention.So no firm ideas yet, but some candidates.  Haven't completely ruled out joining an existing team either, but I would like to pursue all my options."	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student43	1	0	35 to 44	Male	1: USA	1: USA	1: NY/KY	1: English	Native speaker	"UTC -05:00 (Eastern Time Zone US & Canada, Western parts of South Am[firstname]a and the Caribbean)"	Masters Degree	9-12 hours per week	3	2	5-Mar	"I have been considering the possibility of a PhD program after this program.  By taking this class I feel that I would gain a better idea for several things.  First, the type of work required for such a program.  Second, if I would be successful with such work.  Third, if I would find this interesting enough to spend the necessary time on such a program."	The ability to do the entire program online and the reputation of Georgia Tech.	"I'm really not sure at this point but I hope to formulate an idea after the preliminary rea[lastname]gs.  A couple thoughts: using RPG-style games for language learning (also related, using Kinect for ASL learning); using FPS-type games for learning real-world tasks (like barten[lastname]g)."	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student79	1	0	35 to 44	Male	1: United States	1: United States	1: Massachusetts	1: English	Native speaker	"UTC -05:00 (Eastern Time Zone US & Canada, Western parts of South Am[firstname]a and the Caribbean)"	Bachelors Degree	6-9 hours per week	6	1	0	I have always loved teaching and the learning process. I want to be ready to perhaps lecture at the undergraduate level and contribute to the learning enterprise. 	"My ini[firstname]l desire was to get a masters degree to enable me to teach a local college. However, I have been pleasantly surprised by the complexity and freshness of topics I have learned."	I'm mostly interested in tools that could be used for teaching computer science	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"No, I'll add it later!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student25	1	0	25 to 34	Male	1: United States	1: United States	1: Georgia	1: English	Native speaker	"UTC -05:00 (Eastern Time Zone US & Canada, Western parts of South Am[firstname]a and the Caribbean)"	Bachelors Degree	9-12 hours per week	2	1	0	I've worked in Higher Education for 8 years on supporting and engineering technology solutions. I'm very passionate about education and feel that this course will certainly bring new perspectives to my views of education technology and how we can continue to make it better!	"Honestly, I was pretty close to enrolling in an MBA program, but really felt that if I wanted to pursue a higher computer science degree that I needed a good challenge and GT was the place to start. I'm a family of 3 currently and work full time, the appeal to OMSCS is the flexibility it offers :)"	"I have a strong Systems Engineering background in datacenter, server, and virtualization technologies. I have a strong passion for exten[lastname]g access to our classroom/lab software tools to outside of campus by provi[lastname]g remote access to these. I've worked on projects to provide high-end GIS software to local middle schools through partnerships with Higher Education. There is a strong demand for pushing technology into K12, but from what I have seen, there is a huge gap in support to these ini[firstname]tives. We were able to walk into classrooms with ""CRT"" monitors and remotely deliver high-end software that required a lot of system resources without having to worry about what type of computers were at the site. I don't even know where I can hone in on these topics yet, but if I could get matched up with someone to guide me that would be great. I do have a strong background in VMware/Microsoft technologies too :)"	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	Student80	Student80	1	0	No Answer	No Answer	1: USA	1: USA	1: FL	1: English	Native speaker	"UTC -05:00 (Eastern Time Zone US & Canada, Western parts of South Am[firstname]a and the Caribbean)"	Bachelors Degree	9-12 hours per week	6	2	0	"I'm primarily interested in the research and publication angles, as well as the depth of the projects.As a teacher, student, and technologist, I am aware of the rapid [lastname]es coming to all levels of education. I want to make use of these [lastname]es to enhance my own instruction and education.Dr Joyner's track record gives me confidence that this will be a quality course regardless of the content."	"I would like to refocus my efforts on projects that are beneficial beyond the bottom line. This is an avenue back into academia.I am comfortable on the frontier. I don't need to know exactly what will happen, so getting in on omscs at the beginning was a great opportunity.The opportunity to work with other students one teachers who are also interested in deepening their skills is another major advantage."	"My research focus is metaethics and agents. I'm interested in strategies to enhance cooperation, eg of shared resources such as instructors, and dilemmas such an cheating.As a preliminary project idea, I am considering a web framework for ferpa and irb compliant strategic games.I am also taking RL, and would like to harness the size and diversity of omscs to capture data on how humans interact with agents in cooperative dilemmas."	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see; however, please only post an anonymized version."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library; however, please only post an anonymized version."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student81	1	0	45 to 54	Male	1: US	1: US	1: Maryland	1: English	Native speaker	"UTC -05:00 (Eastern Time Zone US & Canada, Western parts of South Am[firstname]a and the Caribbean)"	Bachelors Degree	12-15 hours per week	3	1	10+	Better practical understan[lastname]g of how training and education intersect with technology and how that leads into AI	gain formal background in advanced computer science topics from an academic standpoint	research distance mentorship technology	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student60	1	0	25 to 34	Male	1: India	1: USA	1: GA	1: Hindi	Fully fluent (non-native speaker)	"UTC -05:00 (Eastern Time Zone US & Canada, Western parts of South Am[firstname]a and the Caribbean)"	Bachelors Degree	9-12 hours per week	3	2	3-Feb	To get an experience of 'research' as I eventually seek PhD degree. To bridge my hobby of learning Psychology with Computer Science.	"To continue my education, while being able to work and support my family."	"I have thought of Cognitive Tutoring. Upon ini[firstname]l thinking I have few ideas, such as: 1. Using Peer Feedback to create a Student Portrait (of his/her behavior around OMSCS Classes. Use this portrait as a handy information for forthcoming classes.2. Propose a ""Controlled Load Management"" methodology for a class / individual - How easily we can fluctuate the pressure on class / individual3. Research Portal for Education Technology - Which can serve as a collection of all the fields in which the research can proceed; An interactive and extendable portal."	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	[lastname]	Student7	1	0	25 to 34	Male	1: USA	1: USA	1: Pennsylvania	1: English	Native speaker	"UTC -05:00 (Eastern Time Zone US & Canada, Western parts of South Am[firstname]a and the Caribbean)"	Masters Degree	12-15 hours per week	3	0	10-May	"I wanted to be among the first in the OMSCS to take this new project-based course. I have had a long academic interest in education, dating back to my time in undergraduate and my masters in economics."	"It offers an affordable masters program from a top-ranked school.My background was in economics, but my career as an iOS developer is in the computer science field. I wanted to better my computer science skills."	I want to build an iOS app.	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student8	1	0	25 to 34	Male	1: United States	1: United States	1: Georgia	1: English	Native speaker	"UTC -05:00 (Eastern Time Zone US & Canada, Western parts of South Am[firstname]a and the Caribbean)"	Bachelors Degree	12-15 hours per week	4	1	3-Feb	<p>The idea of instructional Technology to help the lives of Special Education children is something interesting that I look forward to furthing.</p>	I wanted to better myself. This was my way to get a better job and get into a career that I can truly feel good about.	"Social Stories. These are basically stories for students, particularly students with Autism, to help them read a situation and how they should act in social situation. For instance, they may show a time where a kid is moving around a lot and explain how that disrupts the class. The focus I want to work on is more towards physical action towards students. My stepson is a big inspiration for this. He has an issue with keeping his hands to himself and sometimes being too rough.  My goal is to create a game that focuses on not jumping on students.. I say jumping because its easy to model while also focusing on many other issues.  For instance, I need to focus on how to approach feedback to the student. From the talks I have had with my mother, (specialist and masters in special education), you need to be immediate so that they don't ever think its ok. My idea was to make a game that is a platformer with this. My ideas, mixed with feedback, was to make a game where you start inside and you give the student the ability  to jump but you have to 'punish them' if they do. You start indoors and then move outdoors. once they get outdoors however, you do let it be ok for them to jump on the playground equipment but still not on kids.   I still want to read more information on feedback and how to give enough for the studnets such that they can actually have fun but also make sure they get the right amount of feedback such that they learn something. My ini[firstname]l goal is to implement the levels as different stories. So the first overall thing I want to accomplish is  to create this jumping/ physical reaction story, polish it such that if a kid did play the game they would enjoy it, and then get that to where I would then have an easier time to expand the game from there. To be more conclusive, my goal is to make a game that is fun to where the student will want to play it but also make it to where they learn. I need to find the ba[firstname] so that they will play it. To do this I really need to read up on how students with Autism respond to technology and how they can deal with positive feedback. To add to this I would like to create some kind of nice music. It can be something easy that is kind of new ageish but simple. My reason for this is that my stepson loves Minecraft music and that is mostly calming. He is autistic. For purposes of making the game i will probably use minecraft music as a place holder. Perhaps music is another area I need to research. Add to this I could also look into graphics/colors. I have found some resources that I can start to create things from. Melonjs for my javascript engine http://www.piskelapp.com/ for some art and I will find something that is easy to create music in. Either way I lookforward to this."	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student9	1	0	25 to 34	Male	1: USA	1: USA	1: NY	1: English	Native speaker	"UTC -05:00 (Eastern Time Zone US & Canada, Western parts of South Am[firstname]a and the Caribbean)"	Bachelors Degree	9-12 hours per week	4	0	0	"1. [firstname] was very helpful and knowledgable in previous classes, and my experience so far has shown the quality of the course is greatly affected by the quality of instruction. 2. I'm a game developer and designer - good game design is educational without the user thinking about learning.  So I think I have a unique perspective on how simulation technology can be educational.  So - I want to learn to improve my own skills, but I also think I have some experience to contribute."	"1. I've been programming for almost 10 years, but have no formal training - I wanted to fill in some gaps.2. What I really like doing is making games - I'm working on a PS4 title on my own, and all the intelligence experience I can get is a boon.3. The challenge.  I was bored at work buil[lastname]g simple applications, and I'd tapped all the technical challenges I could without either (a) pushing projects to use technology that didn't make sense to serve my own boredom, or (b) taking a more technical job that probably didn't pay as well as advertisement, or worse, involved something even more evil, like drone targeting systems, or designing intelligent tra[lastname]g algorithms for banks.  No thanks.4. Let's be honest, the piece of paper that says Masters in CS from GT lets me tack on about 25-50% to my day rate.5. The price is right - otherwise I probably would not have done this."	"2 areas interest me.Simulations as learning tools, and realtime analytics tools to attempt to measure learning.By simulations, I mean, something akin to SimCity, or a physics simulation.  One of the areas technology, and particularly games, can dramatically improve comprehension is in understan[lastname]g complex systems, by allowing students to manipulate the system directly, and provi[lastname]g feedback, particularly when the results are on non-human time or size scales.Analytics to determine what actions a user is performing, and analyzing those actions to form a theoretical student (or player, in my normal case) is also interesting, and challenging.  Why is a user stuck here?  What concept have they not mastered?  How do we classify them, and can we respond to that?"	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student56	1	0	18 to 24	Female	1: USA	1: USA	1: NY	1: English	Native speaker	"UTC -05:00 (Eastern Time Zone US & Canada, Western parts of South Am[firstname]a and the Caribbean)"	Bachelors Degree	3-6 hours per week	1	1	1	Sounds extremely interesting and I am currently in the education field	Pursuing career in data science	Language learning!	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student10	1	0	25 to 34	Male	1: Canada	1: USA	1: NY	1: English	Native speaker	"UTC -05:00 (Eastern Time Zone US & Canada, Western parts of South Am[firstname]a and the Caribbean)"	Bachelors Degree	6-9 hours per week	4	1	10-May	"Teacher2 left a great impression on me in KBAI, and as a recipient of it, educational technology is an area that I am deeply interested in. I have direct goals too - I've been learning a new language, and I can see dozens of ways that better technology would make the process easier and faster."	"I wanted a rigorous and structured way to increase my knowledge of computer science, and I really like the idea of studying while working - it means that I can both reflect on my work while studying, and apply my studies to my work."	"Yes - language learning software for Mandarin Chinese. Broadly, I'd like to build software to dynamically build study material for students."	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student54	1	0	35 to 44	Male	1: USA	1: USA	1: New [lastname]	1: English	Native speaker	"UTC -05:00 (Eastern Time Zone US & Canada, Western parts of South Am[firstname]a and the Caribbean)"	Bachelors Degree	21+ hours per week	2	0	5-Mar	"I'm extremely interested in Ed Tech. In fact, my business partner and I have recently started an Ed Tech startup based off a previous pet project of ours which solves a unique issue within the integrity checking sub-field. We are launching our first product this fall which is already set to be used within two different universities to monitor over 2000+ students and their assignment submissions. We're already generating revenue! Crazy!! We submitted a proposal to EduCause to take part in their StartupAlly this October. Also, I've been invited to speak as a guest lecture in a undergrad programming course for business students.As far as OMSCS is concerned, I was originally slotted for two other courses this semester, but once I found out this course was being offered, I felt as though the ""stars are aligning"". I dropped everything and will be focusing in on this course to the extreme and managing my business. I'm interested in furthering my knowledge in the integrity checking sub-field of EdTech, I believe I'll be doing a combo research/design project, probably something that can be incorporated into our business if at all possible."	"I graduated with a degree in Computer Information Systems in 2004 which was sufficient to begin my career. However, I find core concepts in Computer Science vastly interesting and decided that I wanted to take the next step in my personal education.Besides my personal reasons already mentioned, I see the OMSCS program as an innovative disruptor within the higher education online learning ecosystem as a whole. Also GeorgiaTech has a strong performance history that I believe will continue to be seen in its online offerings. So far I've not been disappointed! ;)"	"I'm in the first few months of a EdTech startup that is already generating revenue (which is already mind boggling crazy to me). Admittedly I have a lot to learn about EdTech as a whole and integrity checking in particular. We are approaching the general integrity issue with a two part hypothesis: A) Awareness. Students, especially those online and from different cultures, have different pressures placed on them to perform in their particular academic environment. As a result, they may simply be unaware of the ethical standards they are expected to adhere to. We believe a strong ini[firstname]l pre-educational component needs to be addressed to raise awareness of this issue. This could be accomplished during orientation, a gentle reminder before starting each class, etc. Basically a student specific educational/reminder component should be developed/required to inform and remind students of their obligation. Educate the students before the first infraction occurs. B) Enforcement. Once a breach of integrity is discovered, each university/instructor handles the end-result of their integrity checking process in a defined manor. The scope of the breach is usually part of the discussion. We have a patent pen[lastname]g product which will be used during the Fall 2015 term to insure that students are collaborating appropriately by using integrated signatures in the files distributed to students....Ok, back to OMSCS ...somewhere in my prece[lastname]g statement is a research/design project. I'm looking forward to getting some feedback from the mentors/students and I'm not quite sure as of yet what I'll be working on for CS6460. I'm hoping to contribute to the class, as well as develop something in relation to our startup."	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student44	1	0	45 to 54	Male	1: USA	1: USA	1: NC	1: English	Native speaker	"UTC -05:00 (Eastern Time Zone US & Canada, Western parts of South Am[firstname]a and the Caribbean)"	Masters Degree	12-15 hours per week	0	1	10+	Identify new future career opportunities in education.	"Completing the OMSCS is part of my life long learning plan, and represents a personal technology refresh for my 5th decade."	No.  Not yet. Open to new and interesting ideas.	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"Lam	[firstname]	Student28	1	0	35 to 44																				Lam	[firstname]	Student28	2	0	35 to 44	Female	1: China	1: USA	1: Missouri	1: English	Fully fluent (non-native speaker)	"UTC -06:00 (Central Time Zone US & Canada, Eastern Mexico, Central Am[firstname]a)"	Bachelors Degree	9-12 hours per week	8	1	10-May	"1) Learn about Ed Tech 2) Explore my ideas in using AI to help people learn, live, and excel 3) Share this experience in OMSCS with a passionate believer and instructor"	"Graduate school has been on my list of goals ever since receiving my bachelor degrees, but many options aren't feasible with a full-time job.  The flexibility of the OMSCS program made this possible."	"I have two ideas:1) early childhood / subconscious learning - how to model and build that into online learning tools2) unified/integrated platform to provide a single place for feeds from all tools used in OMSCSI haven't decided which one I want to pursue in this class yet and hoping rea[lastname]g the materials will help me select one."	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student82	1	0	25 to 34	Male	1: USA	1: USA	1: Texas	1: English	Native speaker	"UTC -06:00 (Central Time Zone US & Canada, Eastern Mexico, Central Am[firstname]a)"	Masters Degree	9-12 hours per week	4	1	10+	To create an AI agent to grade KBAI written assignments and to write a journal quality paper.	I'm addicted to learning.	"Yes.  I want to write an AI TA to grade KBAI written assignments using thought vectors, case-based reasoning  and Watson's Concept Expansion service."	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student32	1	0	45 to 54																				[lastname]	[firstname]	Student32	2	0	45 to 54	Male	1: US	1: US	1: New Jersey	1: English	Native speaker	"UTC -05:00 (Eastern Time Zone US & Canada, Western parts of South Am[firstname]a and the Caribbean)"	Bachelors Degree	15-18 hours per week	6	1	10-May	I wanted to get first-hand experience to understan[lastname]g the processes involved in obtaining an Ph.D.	"I'm a late bloomer completing my Bachelor of CS in 2011 online at [lastname] Edison State College in NJ.  Unbeknownst to me, I was only 5 classes shy from completing my degree since 1998! Had I only known!!  I started to look into obtaining a Masters in CS but was looking for something affordable -- back then, I had two kids that were about to go into college (the 2nd is starting now).  I can't really afford to send three kids (the 3rd being me) to college at the same time.  BUT then I heard about the GATech, Udacity, and AT&T OMSCS program and the rest is history!"	"As of now, I'm very open primarily because I want to see if any one else had any great ideas they were passionate about. If there were any standouts that I could identify with I would petition to join their cause.  In the meantime, I'll conduct research until a light bulb goes off. :-)"	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student83	1	0	25 to 34	Male	1: USA	1: USA	1: Ohio	1: English	Native speaker	"UTC -05:00 (Eastern Time Zone US & Canada, Western parts of South Am[firstname]a and the Caribbean)"	Bachelors Degree	12-15 hours per week	6	0	10+	"I'm excited about the format - I thrive on open ended self directed projects.  I like the idea of poten[firstname]lly contributing to the field as I am certainly a beneficiary of current EdTech.  I feel that I have a lot to learn in the realm of education in general - both to improve my TAing abilities, and to improve my abilities to help my kids learn."	"I was already spen[lastname]g a lot of time taking online courses as a hobby, so it felt like a very obvious choice when it was announced.  I've always wanted to continue formal education, but my life course was not conducive to that."	"I have two tracks of though at the moment - Build or improve a tool for the OMS - Build a tool or service which inspires kids to pursue science or engineering either as a career or a hobby and facilitates ongoing engagement.Neither of these ideas are developed yet... I have a lot of work to do in that regard."	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student29	1	0	35 to 44	Male	1: USA	1: USA	1: Georgia	1: English	Native speaker	"UTC -05:00 (Eastern Time Zone US & Canada, Western parts of South Am[firstname]a and the Caribbean)"	Bachelors Degree	9-12 hours per week	3	0	0	"I would like to learn more about EdTech, and possibly apply this learning to facilitate programming and tech courses at my children's school (as a volunteer)"	"Very well respected institution! Online program No GRE needed Low cost"	"not 100% sure, but perhaps teaching technology to elementary school children."	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library; however, please only post an anonymized version."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student84	1	0	25 to 34	Male	1: Iran	1: usa	1: texas	1: farsi/english	Fully fluent (non-native speaker)	"UTC -06:00 (Central Time Zone US & Canada, Eastern Mexico, Central Am[firstname]a)"	Masters Degree	6-9 hours per week	4	1	3-Feb	It's a course that is interesting to me as well as it will satisfy concentration requirements.	to receive a masters in computer science	"no, I don't have any preference as I am new to AI."	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student21	1	0	35 to 44	Female	1: India	1: USA	1: WA	1: Tamil	Fully fluent (non-native speaker)	UTC -08:00 (Pacific Time Zone US & Canada)	Masters Degree	15-18 hours per week	6	1	3-Feb	"I have 2 kids, one in middle school and one in second grade. I have used many apps /websites for my kids. What I observed is at the elementary level kids seem to be interested in learning if it is via some kind device(tablet, smart phone etc). So I decided to learn more about the technology."	"I have a masters in math, and always wanted to get a masters in CS. OMSCS provided that opportunity."	I am interested in creating software that motivates children to learn.	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see; however, please only post an anonymized version."	"No, please do not post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I do not agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student85	1	0	45 to 54	Male	1: USA	1: USA	1: Texas	1: English	Native speaker	"UTC -06:00 (Central Time Zone US & Canada, Eastern Mexico, Central Am[firstname]a)"	Masters Degree	6-9 hours per week	2	0	10+	Personal interest in the field of educational technology. I am interested in implementing some of my own ideas to automate the delivery/evaluation of certain structured elementary education subjects such as math and phonics.	"My primary goal is to obtain the creden[firstname]ls required to teach credit courses at the college level. Secondarily, I target OMSCS courses that satisfy my personal technology interests."	My focus for this class will be to implement an application that delivers personalized math lessons to 2nd-grade students such that each student receives the optimal mix of lessons for his/her ability over the course of a 6-week gra[lastname]g period.	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"Ng	[lastname]	Student47	1	0	25 to 34	Male	1: USA	1: USA	1: Massachusetts	1: English	Native speaker	"UTC -05:00 (Eastern Time Zone US & Canada, Western parts of South Am[firstname]a and the Caribbean)"	Bachelors Degree	3-6 hours per week	4	1	0	"I'm interested in diving deep in EdTech.  I see it all around us in LMS, video games, etc but I never really thought about it as a category until this course came up.  Also, I'm in the Interactive Intelligence specialization.  "	"After working for a few years, I missed school and wanted to obtain my MS CS. It was difficult to be in an on-campus grad program while working a on-call full-time job.  OMSCS came along and seemed like a perfect fit for my schedule, career aspirations, and educational aspirations.  "	I'm not sure yet.  	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I do not agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student11	1	0	25 to 34	Male	1: USA	1: USA	1: Michigan	1: English	Native speaker	"UTC -05:00 (Eastern Time Zone US & Canada, Western parts of South Am[firstname]a and the Caribbean)"	Bachelors Degree	6-9 hours per week	2	1	10-May	I'm interested in learning more about educational technology and if I can actually make an impact buil[lastname]g edutech tools.	Just for personal growth. Looking to learn rather than pad resume.	"No real idea yet, but possibly looking at continuing/ongoing education for professionals."	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I do not agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student12	1	0	18 to 24	Male	1: US	1: US	1: GA	1: English	Native speaker	"UTC -05:00 (Eastern Time Zone US & Canada, Western parts of South Am[firstname]a and the Caribbean)"	Bachelors Degree	9-12 hours per week	1	1	0	To understand how thesis comes together and also improve my writing skills and techniques.	I would like to refine my skills to further advance my career in web application development. 	I don't have any right now	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I do not agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student86	1	0	35 to 44	Male	1: India	1: USA	1: New Jersey	1: Tamil	Fully fluent (non-native speaker)	"UTC -05:00 (Eastern Time Zone US & Canada, Western parts of South Am[firstname]a and the Caribbean)"	Masters Degree	12-15 hours per week	5	2	1	"I am a volunteer in the middle school where my son is studying . I conduct code.org style one hour per week programming and co[lastname]g classes for middle school students in the school. I have been noticing some positive differences in the way the students think about programming and application of programming. I would like to do more study and research on incorporating programming and co[lastname]g in the middle-school students curriculum inclu[lastname]g the feasibility, impact, best methods.If this fits into the boundaries of this class, I would like to explore this in detail. This is the main reason I enrolled into this class."	"Since I am a  mechanical engineer ( under graduate),  I would like to gain more knowledge on the computer science subjects.Also having a computer science degree from Georgia tech will help in my career as well."	"As I mentioned in the question #14, I would like to study more about introducing programming/co[lastname]g for middle school students. Specifically I would like to study about feasibility, impact, best methods to teach etc.If the scope fits into this course, I would like to pursue the above idea in more detail. If not, I will join with another team.I would like to work in teams only."	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student13	1	0	25 to 34	Male	1: Canada	1: Canada	1: British Columbia	1: English	Native speaker	UTC -08:00 (Pacific Time Zone US & Canada)	Masters Degree	12-15 hours per week	9	0	0	I love educational technology!	Continue my education!	"Educational data mining, machine learning & analysis!"	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student50	1	0	25 to 34	Female	1: United States	1: United States	1: Massachusetts	1: English	Native speaker	"UTC -05:00 (Eastern Time Zone US & Canada, Western parts of South Am[firstname]a and the Caribbean)"	Bachelors Degree	9-12 hours per week	5	0	1	"I elaborate on this a bit in my personal statement, but I'm really excited about continuing to get involved in education, particularly in the OMS program.  I care deeply about expan[lastname]g access to education, and being involved in research and design that could poten[firstname]lly contribute to that goal is very motivating to me.  Additionally, I've had a greta experience with the OMS program so far, and I'd love to find ways to continue to make it better."	"Honestly, I felt a little restless having finished my undergraduate program.  I'm a proponent of lifelong learning, and began looking for ways to fulfill that hunger almost as soon as I was out of academia.  That said, I wanted to find a program that'd offer me a great educational environment without having to put my career on hold.  This turned out to be a perfect situation for me!"	"I've far too many areas of interest, but I'm sucker for anything involving cognition and education.  Social issues are also of interest to me, and I'd love to look into the differences in student attitudes in online and traditional education.  I've included a list of a few diverse ideas in my personal statement."	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	Student87	Student87	1	0	18 to 24	Male	1: United States	1: United States	1: GA	1: Student87	Native speaker	"UTC -05:00 (Eastern Time Zone US & Canada, Western parts of South Am[firstname]a and the Caribbean)"	Bachelors Degree	9-12 hours per week	6	2	5-Mar	I wish to apply my knowledge of machine learning and computer vision in a more open ended setting.	I need a Computer Science degree :).	I would like to do a project that has machine learning and computer vision elements. Particularly something with oculus rift.	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"No, I'll add it later!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student14	1	0	25 to 34	Female	1: United States	1: United States	1: GA	1: English	Native speaker	"UTC -05:00 (Eastern Time Zone US & Canada, Western parts of South Am[firstname]a and the Caribbean)"	Bachelors Degree	9-12 hours per week	2	2	10-May	To learn and explore technologies that will help learn better. I took a course in under grad on training management which was similar but I'm hoping to go a little deeper. 	"To get a Masters Degree in Comp Sci. Ultimately, I would like to go on to get a PhD but this is my time to find my niche, my most passionate interest in computing so that I can make a break through in computing. "	"Since I am just now signing up for the course, I am not sure what exactly what I would like to do. Language learning seems really cool to me just be cause I love my Duolingo app and it would be cool to do something alike for programming. I should be solid by next weekend."	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see; however, please only post an anonymized version."	"No, please do not post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"No, I'll add it later!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Teacher7	1	0	25 to 34																				[lastname]	[firstname]	Teacher7	2	0	25 to 34	Male	1: US	1: US	1: Colorado	1: English	Native speaker	"UTC -07:00 (Mountain Time Zone US & Canada, Western Mexico)"	Bachelors Degree	9-12 hours per week	6	1	1	Interesting topic that I want to learn more about and I see it as a capstone to completing the OMS CS programi	"Cost, location (anywhere), prestige of Tech, and wanting to try something out and be a trailblazer"	"student assessment, see Bloom's taxonomy."	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student40	1	0	25 to 34	Male	1: US	1: US	1: CA	1: English	Native speaker	UTC -08:00 (Pacific Time Zone US & Canada)	Bachelors Degree	9-12 hours per week	3	0	10+	"When this course was announced the other week it immediately intrigued me because of the work I currently do at Imperial Valley College. As the college's Online Services Architect (in addition to a few other hats I now have to ba[firstname]) I used to spend quite a bit of my days concentrating on buil[lastname]g new tools for our faculty, staff, and students to use that helped to make their daily lives a little bit easier.Since I don't get to spend as much time focusing on those things anymore (due to the extra job duties I keep on being assigned, which take me away from my Online Services Architect-ing) my hope is that this course would provide some extra incentive for me to work on some of the projects I've had to put on the back burner for a while for the campus and ship something new ;-)."	"For me it primarily came down to cost + quality of education. For me, I didn't want to spend an inor[lastname]ate amount of money on my masters, but I also didn't want to sacrifice the quality much either.While my computer science foundations aren't necessarily the best, my hope is that there will be enough classes that I'm interested in (such as this one) and/or classes that help me ramp up my proficiency level adequately to keep me motivated to complete the program (I'm on the 4-year plan at the moment...it's difficult to take more than 1 class a semester so it'll take me some time to complete enough classes to graduate)."	"I still don't have a firm grasp on what sort of projects are going to be acceptable for this course (unfortunately, this past week has been extra crazy at work, and I've been down and out sick the past two days, so I'm finishing up on a proposal due tomorrow, I taught a class tonight, and I'm trying to catch up on things that I need to read here in 6460). I wish I could provide a better idea of what I'd be interested in working on specifically (I was ini[firstname]lly thinking I might be able to work on some of my own project ideas that I've come up with as part of my work at the college, but that might not be the case from the way this question is worded). I guess I'll figure it out soon enough :-)."	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student49	1	0	25 to 34	Male	1: USA	1: USA	1: NJ	1: English	Native speaker	"UTC -05:00 (Eastern Time Zone US & Canada, Western parts of South Am[firstname]a and the Caribbean)"	Bachelors Degree	6-9 hours per week	5	1	10+	Expand my knowledge on the conveyance of educational materials	I would like to get my master's degree in computer science and ga tech is a top rated school	"I work with conveyance of knowledge to coworkers, whatever helps me teach them about emerging technologies is good for me"	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see; however, please only post an anonymized version."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library; however, please only post an anonymized version."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student51	1	0	35 to 44																				[lastname]	[firstname]	Student51	2	0	35 to 44	Male	1: United States	1: United States	1: Texas	1: English	Native speaker	"UTC -06:00 (Central Time Zone US & Canada, Eastern Mexico, Central Am[firstname]a)"	Bachelors Degree	18-21 hours per week	5	0	0	My first reason was all the cool kids are taking it. It felt like I might be missing something. Then I read the syllabus and knew I would missing something. The opportunity to work on a project I have hoped to work on for a while and do it in context of this course was to much to pass up.  	For several years I had been trying to figure out what my next step was going be. Call it a mid career crisis. Then AT&T came along and say hey want a Masters degree from a top university with out leaving home? O and btw we will pay for it. Even with a house full of little kids I knew I couldn't pass it up. 	"The main area I¥Ë_m interested in at the moment is the concept of Video Modeling as a teaching tool for autistic individuals . It is something that had been recommend to us that might help our 6 year old who is autistic. I have yet to find a good way to do it that doesn¥Ë_t just involve pulling out movie making software and doing old school video editing. One of my goals for after I finish OMSCS was to find time to see if there was a better way. While I'll have to learn app development on the side to do it , I think a team of students could produce something top notch that could have great impact to a lot of parents and autistic individuals. "	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student41	1	0	35 to 44	Male	1: USA	1: USA	1: Maryland	1: English	Native speaker	"UTC -05:00 (Eastern Time Zone US & Canada, Western parts of South Am[firstname]a and the Caribbean)"	Masters Degree	9-12 hours per week	2	0	10-May	"I've been in the field of educational technology for my whole career (since 1995). My career has mainly centered around corporate training. From both the course development side as an instructional designer or the learning management side as a developer/programmer, training adults using technology has been my whole career.As such, I was really excited to see that the OMSCS was offering an Educational Technology course. For corporate learning, we're currently experiencing the pain of [lastname]sitioning to mobile platforms and I'm hoping to center some or all of this class around that [lastname]sition."	"I've always straddled the line between the andralogical and technological side. My first masters focused more on the instructional design aspect of learning (MA from Virginia Tech focused on Instructional Technology). I've always been very interesting in technology, though. For instance, I created a learning management system for a startup company in the late 90s.In my experience, training ini[firstname]tives were often hampered by the lack of technological expertise and IT departments often had ""bigger fish to fry.""So, my role has always been to use technology to enhance the training experience."	"I kind of just referred to it, but the evolution of corporate training to accommodate mobility is a big issue for me. I've seen similar shifts before. Back in the mid-90s, instructional designers/developers were all creating CD-based CBT (Computer-Based Training). Then Internet-Based Training (IBT...boy, that's an acronym I haven't used in a while) came along. That shift from CDs to the Internet killed and created frameworks and toolsets. We're undergoing a similar shift now from desktop-based training to ""m-Learning.""There's also a similar shift from AICC/SCORM communication protocols to the xAPI protocol. Because of these shifts (and the relative non-techiness of most training people), there are migration pains that many organizations are experiencing. There's also painfully little data regar[lastname]g how learners use mobile devices. What form factors are ideal? Can a learner effectively learn on a smaller screen? So, the modality of the delivery, the communication protocol in place for tracking the learning, and the research related to the idea of mobile delivery are all aspects of the same paradigm shift that I'm interested in addressing."	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student37	1	0	25 to 34	Male	1: USA	1: USA	1: NJ	1: English	Native speaker	"UTC -05:00 (Eastern Time Zone US & Canada, Western parts of South Am[firstname]a and the Caribbean)"	Bachelors Degree	3-6 hours per week	5	1	1	Part of a specialization	Masters makes me a more competitive resource	Nope	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see; however, please only post an anonymized version."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library; however, please only post an anonymized version."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student52	1	0	25 to 34	Male	1: US	1: US	1: GA	1: English	Native speaker	"UTC -05:00 (Eastern Time Zone US & Canada, Western parts of South Am[firstname]a and the Caribbean)"	Bachelors Degree	9-12 hours per week	2	1	3-Feb	Excited about using my experience working in IT at a University for about 8 years to explore ways to contribute and improve educational technology.	"I was looking for graduate schools and considering MBA programs but really didn't find anything that peaked my interest. My friend and co-worker encouraged me to apply to OMSCS at GT, although I was skeptical of being accepted into one of the top ranking schools in the country. I got in! Now I'm giving it my best shot. :) "	I have not decided yet what area of research or projects I want to pursue. The couple of ideas I've thought about (very early considerations) is a Duolingo style software program that allows users/students to learn a programming language instead. I don't feel comfortable heavy programming so I see that as my limitation but the concept is interesting to me because of how Duolingo makes learning languages more of a fun/game like experience. The other idea I had was to speak with the Geographic Information Science (GIS) department at the University of North Georgia to see if there are some projects they're considering where I could apply concepts and/or learning from this EdTech class to benefit them. The last item I considered is something Information Security related. I'm really interested in IS and I'm also enrolled in the Intro to IS class this semester. I'm just not sure what path to consider with this route though.	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student26	1	0	25 to 34	Female	1: Finland	1: United States	1: Georgia	1: English	Fully fluent (non-native speaker)	"UTC -05:00 (Eastern Time Zone US & Canada, Western parts of South Am[firstname]a and the Caribbean)"	Bachelors Degree	12-15 hours per week	5	1	3-Feb	"I have 4 primary reasons: 1) It's one of the electives for my specialization in interactive intelligence 2) I'm interested in the opportunity of doing research, I did not have that opportunity as an undergrad and I would like to get some experience because maybe one day I will pursue a PhD 3) I expect there will also be some type of hands-on project or product involved also and I truly enjoy buil[lastname]g/designing /engineering things (my passion in life) 4) took KBAI with Teacher2 so I have high hopes and expect this to be an amazing and rewar[lastname]g experience"	"As an undergrad I attended a small CS program; everything was covered in very general terms and not must focus on specific fields. I wanted to enroll in the OMSCS program because I knew it would allow me to experiment with different fields and find out which ones I really enjoy and also because I wanted to have more knowledge and skills in computing in general. I felt after my undergrad my level of knowledge was nowhere near where I wanted it to be. I have been in the program for 1 year now and I can say I am absolutely fascinated by AI and cognitive systems; I enjoy buil[lastname]g and designing systems in general and really hope to further explore that path in the future. I also feel OMSCS has continuously expanded my CS tool-belt, where now I can take on pretty much any challenge and if I do not know it yet, I have the tools and skills necessary to find the information I need to succeed. "	"I do not have any clearly defined ideas yet; rather I'm open to exploring ideas with others in the group. But I would prefer to work with a group looking to build some interactive (intelligent) education tool, possibly: to enhance students' learning experiences in some way, or idea that provides access to education to people currently lacking such access, or possibly something to help teachers/professors in their job "	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student90	1	0	45 to 54	Male	1: Argentina	1: US	1: NJ	1: Spanish	Fully fluent (non-native speaker)	"UTC -05:00 (Eastern Time Zone US & Canada, Western parts of South Am[firstname]a and the Caribbean)"	Bachelors Degree	12-15 hours per week	3	1	10+	"I am taking this class out of necessity.  My youngest daughter has a minor learning disability.  She is a freshman in high school and has problems with simple Math facts.  At 15, it is very difficult for her to do a simple division such as 48/6, for instance, and yet, she is given Algebra I homework. When I learned about this class, I realized that it was a unique opportunity for me to learn about education and how to apply technology to help my daughter overcome her limitations."	"  I believe that a software developer must be an expert in the field where he/she wants to target to develop software.  I'm an expert in the field of architecture and construction.  Given the fact that I also enjoy writing software very much, the OMSCS presented a unique opportunity for me.  Additionally, with two children in college, the cost of this program really make it possible for me.  "	"I would like to work on a learning software for kids classified at school to have minor learning disabilities.  I want to specifically address math skills by presenting a game-like software based on an intelligent tutoring agent. "	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student91	1	0	45 to 54	Male	1: Peru	1: Canada	1: British Columbia	1: Spanish	Fully fluent (non-native speaker)	UTC -08:00 (Pacific Time Zone US & Canada)	Bachelors Degree	21+ hours per week	3	0	10+	"I chose the EdTech course because it represents a great opportunity to me to start and/or advance one of the ideas I have in mind. I believe it is very important to do it at this time, so to start getting to be known and to start to be considered for any possible OMS or Udacity project/job, due to the fact that my ideas have a strong educational component. Opening a business that connects/relates to MOOCs or educational platforms would be also a good thing for me."	"The GT OMSCS program represents to me a better and opportunity than only MOOCs, because they provide structure in my learning, more challenge, a Degree and an opportunity to network with great Classmates, University Master Instructors, and possible other personalities in the industry. Even just the MOOCs certificates already were very important for a quiet person like me to communicate my last studies and achievements, which otherwise would pass unknown."	"Basically I have two ideas for which I did also the last two assignments respectively in KBAI in Spring, which are: 1)	Solving my expressed problem on reviewing MOOCs: a ¥Ë_Student MOOC Learning Assistant¥Ë_ which will help me review quickly previous learned material from a MOOC Course for an Exam or for future Project or future Course, taking into account my previous Behavior when seeing the Lectures. These speeds up and makes more efficient your learning process and the application of that knowledge in the Future. 2)	An AI agent to encourage a student on a learning Platform through capturing Visual expressions. And here I have another idea that I suggested to Prof. Teacher2 when he was TA on KBAI and when he mentioned his College of Computing Outstan[lastname]g Graduate Teaching Assistant Award on his Blog. Here is the link http://www.[firstname]joyner.net/blog/ive-won-the-college-of-computing-outstan[lastname]g-graduate-teaching-assistant-award/ 3)	Basically he asked how he can do to help other TAs to do a good job as he did and at the same time continue with his increasing number of roles on the OMS program. So I proposed as a comment after his post to develop a virtual AI assistant which will capture his experience and using it would be able to help with his TA actions in a way that they will be multiplied as long as he is under command. Obviously this virtual assistant will be able to quickly remember him his normal actions after an event and give him options to process them right away. If other TA is using the assistant with [firstname]¥Ë_s experience, it may give him options to process his remembered actions as well as the ones that [firstname]¥Ë_s used to do. It even be a bank of experiences of different TAs to suggest from. But perhaps I can do a common component that can act as the main part in all these three ideas, which will consists of capturing behavior, or experience, or knowledge or concepts, or expressions and remembering them  to suggests actions, concepts to review, or respon[lastname]g appropriately when the assistant has to encourage the student/user accor[lastname]gly."	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"No, please do not post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student42	1	0	35 to 44	Male	1: United States	1: United States	1: Ohio	1: English	Native speaker	"UTC -05:00 (Eastern Time Zone US & Canada, Western parts of South Am[firstname]a and the Caribbean)"	Masters Degree	18-21 hours per week	4	1	5-Mar	"I'm married to a kindergarten teacher and have had a several year professional relationship freelancing for a small educational publishing company, which has given me an interest in the field.  Additionally, I took KBAI with Dr. Joyner and I am eager to see what this course has to offer."	"General knowledge seeking, personal improvement, fin[lastname]g opportunities for entrepreneurship."	I'd like to investigate how to use/develop/leverage educational technology to mitigate the effects of poverty on early childhood students (perhaps with a focus on literacy).	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student92	1	0	25 to 34	Male	1: usa	1: usa	1: nj	1: cambodian	Fully fluent (non-native speaker)	"UTC -05:00 (Eastern Time Zone US & Canada, Western parts of South Am[firstname]a and the Caribbean)"	Bachelors Degree	18-21 hours per week	4	2	3-Feb	I'd like to learn more about applying technology to education. I've wanted to develop software for a startup for quite some time. I have an idea in mind and am wondering if I can improve it or find a better one to develop upon.	Would like to have a stronger CS foundation and learn more about AI.	I'm primarily interested in intelligent tutoring system. I believe the biggest problem with education is accessibility and the fact that is largely a passive experience.	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"No, please do not post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student15	1	0	45 to 54	Male	1: INDIA	1: USA	1: TEXAS	1: TAMIL	Fully fluent (non-native speaker)	"UTC -06:00 (Central Time Zone US & Canada, Eastern Mexico, Central Am[firstname]a)"	Masters Degree	6-9 hours per week	4	2	10-May	Understan[lastname]g of how to use technology foundations to enhance delivery of education.	Continuous Development	"adaptive tutoring platforms, most assessment mechanisms today are intended to move up from easy to hard questions, but tutoring remains quite linear and not scale up or down based on the learners struggles, would like more insight into an agent model for adjusting to ""Preference, Time-of-day, Duration Spent [Fatigue], General Academic competency and other factors"" to create an adaptable learning/tutoring robot."	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student64	1	0	25 to 34	Male	1: United States	1: United States	1: Texas	1: Dallas	Native speaker	"UTC -06:00 (Central Time Zone US & Canada, Eastern Mexico, Central Am[firstname]a)"	Bachelors Degree	6-9 hours per week	4	1	0	"1) This course is part of the Interactive Intelligence specialization.2) Coming from a family of educators but myself being in the technology field, I would like to explore more in depth how technology can be used to improve the education of students.  From experience, children and teenagers are learning how to work technology at much younger ages, but is this early knowledge being leveraged to teach life skills at an earlier age? "	To receive a masters in computer science for a very affordable tuition and flexible schedule from a highly touted technology institution.	"I am still unsure on what I would like to work on, but I would like to work on something along the lines modeling student behavior and how to leverage this information to most effectively teach them."	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student38	1	0	55 to 64	Female	1: USA	1: USA	1: Missouri	1: English	Native speaker	"UTC -06:00 (Central Time Zone US & Canada, Eastern Mexico, Central Am[firstname]a)"	Bachelors Degree	6-9 hours per week	4	1	10-May	"First: I am excited about learning, and especially learning in the online space through OMS.   I also have always found my favorite projects to be facilitating systems and workflows through better technology.  There is a lot of opportunity for that in OMS and this class looks like the right place to experiment.  Second:  The structure of the class, the instructor and TA's for the class, and the people in the class are all exceptional, so I look forward to being part of that."	"There are several reasons that together make OMSCS as just right for me: 1) I have wanted to get my Master's for a long time from a well-known program, either in engineering or CS and a Georgia Tech CS fits that to a tee  2) Class time is flexible with OMS: I don't have to break away from a full time job to go to class at a specific time,which would impact my work; 3) This CS program recognizes my experience and does not require me to take prerequisite classes before I begin the actual masters; 4) the price is affordable.  I am paying for it myself and could not do it at the cost of an on-campus masters."	"I would like to investigate ways to facilitate systems and workflows in online higher-ed creden[firstname]led programs, e.g. OMSCS.  I see the big problem as scaling quality, in all its aspects (which is a very wide net).  More specifically, preserving the integrity of the program as it scales is an area I would like to explore.  This might be workflows or tools to detect plagiarism, or (more interesting) fin[lastname]g techniques to build safeguards into the courses/program that will discourage/limit plagiarism and cheating before it can occur.  We don't like to think about dishonesty of this sort, but it exists.  Fin[lastname]g a way to confront it is important to the quality of the program at any size, but possibly there is more of a risk to the perceived quality of the program as it scales."	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"No, please do not post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	Student93	Student93	1	0	25 to 34	Female	1: Moldova	1: USA	1: MA	1: English	Fully fluent (non-native speaker)	"UTC -05:00 (Eastern Time Zone US & Canada, Western parts of South Am[firstname]a and the Caribbean)"	Bachelors Degree	21+ hours per week	2	0	10+	Learning how to do a research	First step towards eventually applying for PhD	I would like to do a research in a very specialized area of neurological disorder such as narcolepsy. The hope is to be able to model the behavior of symptoms in order to predict their next wave. This can be applied at multiple levels from  helping the individual anticipate the symptoms and adapt the learning behavior accor[lastname]gly	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"No, I'll add it later!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student39	1	0	18 to 24	Male	1: United States	1: United States	1: Texas	1: English	Native speaker	"UTC -06:00 (Central Time Zone US & Canada, Eastern Mexico, Central Am[firstname]a)"	Bachelors Degree	9-12 hours per week	6	1	0	"I am interested in the Interactive Intelligence and this counts as an elective. My girlfriend and some very close friends are teachers; therefore, developing or pursuing a tool that could help facilitate the teaching of their students is interesting. "	"I got my undergraduate at Georgia Tech and wanted to continue my education while getting experience in the 'real-world'. By the completion of the degree, I will have 3 years of work experience and a Master's degree.Taking it while I am working and on my own time is outstan[lastname]g."	No Answer	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"No, I'll add it later!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student55	1	0	25 to 34	Female	1: United States of Am[firstname]a	1: United States of Am[firstname]a	1: Washington (state)	1: English	Native speaker	UTC -08:00 (Pacific Time Zone US & Canada)	Bachelors Degree	18-21 hours per week	3	2	10+	"1. Dr. Joyner is amazing.  There are few words to describe just how amazing.  Having had the chance to work with him in KBAI is one of the highlights of my OMSCS experience so far - which is a very high bar.2. I have a lot of interest in research and what I'll call data exploration (looking at gathered data for interesting correlations that might point to areas that should be probed for a causal connection).  However, I don't have any experience in research proper.  I don't know how to evaluate a correlation I may observe to determine whether it's meaningful - see also https://xkcd.com/882/.  This is particularly dangerous in machine learning, where the curse of overfitting can rear its ugly head and make it look very much like you've found a good way of predicting something... when in fact all that you've found is a less concise (e.g., neural net) representation of your exact observed data.  I feel the chance to have a built-in sanity check in the form of the student community, plus some ""adult supervision"" from Dr. Joyner and an awe-inspiring lineup of TAs, may help me overcome that weakness to get to the point where I can produce great research.3. I have a particular project (actually, two) that I really want to get done, and taking EdTech gives me a built-in audience for it.  (Read: I can solicit my classmates to be early adopters and give me all kinds of great data.  Plus I can receive pats on the head when I finally finish the thing.  Pats on the head are nice.)"	"1. Fun.2. I feel that OMSCS and experiments like it are really going to [lastname]e the face of education.  I'm also fascinated by online education technology and strategies in general.  When I applied, I wanted to have a front seat to something that I thought was really novel and could shape the next 40 years of secondary- and post-secondary education.3. It allows me to take courses in subject areas that are relevant to my business.  (As the bare elements of survival are more squared away, and I gradually shift towards buil[lastname]g a real relevance/personalization engine, machine learning / big data knowledge becomes more and more important.)4. It might improve my creden[firstname]ls for my next Master's degree and/or further education.This was not really part of my calculus at the beginning, but since joining the OMSCS I've realized that the other students are really, *really* incredible.  I don't know of any other community that is open to me where I could connect with people the way I have here.  Also I don't know of any other academic program where the COO of Macmillan (for example) would be part of my teaching staff."	"1. omscs-advisor - I want to [finish] build[ing] a system which loads in the prereq and available course data from a number of sources, and suggests a plan of courses for you based on your preferences, desired specialization, intended graduation, number of hours available per week, etc.  In the long run, this should also allow you to review courses if you want (so that more data can be gathered to predict what courses a given student will like and do well in) and share your plan if you want (so that your friends can easily see what courses you're planning to take when).  More details can be found at https://github.com/Arkaaito/omscs-advisor.2. omscs-labs - in the copious free time that's left over after cramming the above multi-year project into a single term, I'd like to build a system which facilitates structured collaboration and mentorship online, with a focus on allowing poten[firstname]l collaborators to find each other for projects and/or papers and assigning slightly-more-experienced folks to peer review their work.  More details can be found at https://github.com/Arkaaito/omscs-labs.Also I want to work on about 6,000 other things in the fields of language learning, rating the difficulty of pedagogical materials, replacing T-Square, replacing Piazza, and so on.  Maybe I could ""accidentally"" fail the class and retake it next term..."	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student46	1	0	25 to 34	Male	1: US	1: US	1: NJ	1: English	Native speaker	"UTC -05:00 (Eastern Time Zone US & Canada, Western parts of South Am[firstname]a and the Caribbean)"	Bachelors Degree	3-6 hours per week	4	1	0	I am specializing in interactive intelligence and this class seems interesting.	"I want a masters, but work full time. It seems like a viable way to get a master while working. The price is also very reasonable."	"I enjoy co[lastname]g. I am not sure if i'd like to make a game or a tool, but definitely something I can actually build."	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	Student94	Student94	1	0	35 to 44	Female	1: Ghana	1: Canada	1: Ontario	1: English	Fully fluent (non-native speaker)	"UTC -05:00 (Eastern Time Zone US & Canada, Western parts of South Am[firstname]a and the Caribbean)"	Bachelors Degree	9-12 hours per week	5	2	10-May	"Learn about educational technology.I have always been interested in educational technology for children. It seems aside from college most parents spend the most in early childhood education through Montessori education etc Is there a way to use educational technology to implement similar educational goals for kids and radically reduce the cost of education? "	It was a great opportunity to get my Master's without interrupting my career	"intelligent tutoring systems:""Montessori students learn to think critically, work collaboratively, and act boldly¥Ë_a skill set for the 21st century. Mul[firstname]ge groupings are a hall[firstname] of the Montessori Method: younger children learn from older children; older children [lastname]force their learning by teaching concepts they have already mastered.""Is there a way to use educational technology to implement similar educational goals for kids and radically reduce the cost of education? "	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see; however, please only post an anonymized version."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student45	1	0	25 to 34	Female	1: India	1: US	1: North Carolina	1: English	Fully fluent (non-native speaker)	"UTC -05:00 (Eastern Time Zone US & Canada, Western parts of South Am[firstname]a and the Caribbean)"	Bachelors Degree	9-12 hours per week	7	2	3-Feb	"1. It is an elective for my specialization - Interactive Intelligence.2. OMSCS program is very close to my heart and the concept of online education is relatively new but we have a log way to go. I want to learn about how technology can revolutionize education and make learning fun! "	"I have worked in industry for 4 years and wanted to continue pursuing higher education. Hence I was preparing to apply for Georgia Tech on-campus master's program when I got to know about OMSCS program. My husband has a job in which we have to move a lot (we have moved to 5 different cities since we got married 2 years back). Hence, this program was a perfect opportunity with the flexibility of studying from anywhere, without staying away from my husband. 3. I love learning and this program has been an amazing learning experience. Georgia Tech is a big name and I couldn't miss this opportunity, plus it was steal of a price."	"I am more inclined towards working on student behavior and how to help them understand concepts in a more fun and interesting ways so that concepts can be understood better. Intelligent tutoring systems sounds fun too. Overall, I would be interesting in doing anything where there is plenty to learn with fun"	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	[lastname]	Student16	1	0	35 to 44	Male	1: USA	1: USA	1: RI	1: English	Native speaker	"UTC -05:00 (Eastern Time Zone US & Canada, Western parts of South Am[firstname]a and the Caribbean)"	Bachelors Degree	3-6 hours per week	3	2	5-Mar	Only available elective for the concentration :-)	Least expensive option for an MS	Absolutely no idea - wide interests	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see; however, please only post an anonymized version."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library; however, please only post an anonymized version."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student22	1	0	45 to 54	Male	1: USA	1: USA	1: MO	1: English	Native speaker	"UTC -06:00 (Central Time Zone US & Canada, Eastern Mexico, Central Am[firstname]a)"	Bachelors Degree	12-15 hours per week	5	1	1	"To learn, explore and discover how I can teach students more effectively in my job.   I currently teach Java programming at AT&T and have personally taught over 6000 students since 2001.  I actually keep track of that information in a spreadsheet! The personal student/instructor interaction and taking an interest in a student really helps a student's ego and eagerness to learn - can I improve on that from techniques/ideas I learn in the course? ¥Ë_ Hence my excitement for enrolling!¥Ë_As I have been involved in programming education for a large corporation since 2001 and wrote children educational software in the 1980's I have seen a few sides of the learning spectrum. At some point I would like to teach at a university level as many of my students re[firstname] ""I wish I had you in back in college!""."	"A Masters Degree from Georgia Tech would show credibility and give me the option to teach at a University level as a visiting lecturer or Adjunct Professor.  I very much like to teach students and have personal interaction - as I often teach remotely now. I currently only have a Bachelor's Degrees so a Masters degree would help greatly. ¥Ë_¥Ë_I have the experience but not the MS degree, the OMSCS program format allows me to pursue this goal while hol[lastname]g with a full time career and family."	"One idea I have is how does one work effectively with large differences in student abilities when teaching and why some pick up the material more readily than others - I can see this in lab completion rates/speed, competency tests and types of questions I get. ¥Ë_This might be catagorized as a student behavior type of problem, after teaching over 6000 students I can get a gut feel pretty quickly ( a few hours into training ) about who will do well but I find it hard to quantify that intuition in concrete terms.One thing I have learned is that humor seems to really help the learning process and keeps students focused.A problem I see with a recorded format is that when I have a question it can be difficult to ask a question immediately and get an answer at that moment.Sometimes I would like to ask a follow up question to a posted answer but there is a time delay involved - or the answer is already there but lost in a flood of piazza posts. ¥Ë_ If we could find an answer to that it would help me!"	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see; however, please only post an anonymized version."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library; however, please only post an anonymized version."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student17	1	0	18 to 24	Male	1: Vietnam	1: United States	1: Northern VA	1: English	Native speaker	"UTC -05:00 (Eastern Time Zone US & Canada, Western parts of South Am[firstname]a and the Caribbean)"	Masters Degree	12-15 hours per week	3	2	0	"The main appeal of taking this class was to create something that could eventually be [lastname]sformed into a start-up or publication. Oftentimes, classes end abruptly and don't give a [lastname]sition into a product that continues to live. That was what differen[firstname]ted this class from others."	"I wanted to gain a stronger technical background in computer science. My undergrad is in Information Technology and I have an MS in Systems Engineering, but neither provide some of the essen[firstname]l skills a strong computer science program provides."	"I want to create a tool that helps educators teach. For the scope of this class, I would like to focus on a particular age group within K-12. A good fit for a mentor is someone that is familiar with the current K-12 education system. "	"No, please do not post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"No, please do not post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"No, please do not post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I do not agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	Ned	Student30	1	0	55 to 64	Male	1: USA	1: USA	1: GA	1: English	Native speaker	"UTC -05:00 (Eastern Time Zone US & Canada, Western parts of South Am[firstname]a and the Caribbean)"	Masters Degree	9-12 hours per week	0	1	10+	Please see personal statement.	"Please see personal statement.  Interest in IT, human-computer technologies, education, the future."	"Please see personal statement.  I want to stress I have wide interests and would like to be considered for as wide a possible set of projects/areas as possible, poten[firstname]lly on an ongoing basis beyond the immediate scope and timeline of this course."	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student95	1	0	45 to 54	Male	1: Ethiopia - US Army Base	1: USA	1: Kentucky	1: English	Native speaker	"UTC -05:00 (Eastern Time Zone US & Canada, Western parts of South Am[firstname]a and the Caribbean)"	Bachelors Degree	9-12 hours per week	2	1	0	Since I am a middle school teacher I am very interested in how to use technology in my classes.  I keep abreast of the EdTech [firstname]et.	"Wanted a masters degree to be able to teach at the college level.  Also my CS degree is from 1990.  I wanted to catch up with the latest research, etc."	I am really open for anything.  I do like projects in the K-12 age group.  Also anything to do with the current maker movement in education.  I like playing with robots too!	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student96	1	0	35 to 44	Male	1: Canada	1: USA	1: Connecticut	1: English	Native speaker	"UTC -05:00 (Eastern Time Zone US & Canada, Western parts of South Am[firstname]a and the Caribbean)"	Bachelors Degree	6-9 hours per week	4	1	0	I enjoyed KBAI with Teacher2 and education technology has been a strong theme throughout my career.  	Several people in my family have higher level degrees and I enjoy learning.  It might help if I try to find a job later.	"I would love to explore how users interact with a technical product.  For example, it could help determine when it makes sense to improve an interface versus provide more training.I could see starting by ad[lastname]g instrumentation to get baseline usage, mapping questions and ""knowledge"" needed to use the system (by user), picking some features to explore, and then provide training materials and/or an improved interface, and track how the usage [lastname]es over time."	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see; however, please only post an anonymized version."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library; however, please only post an anonymized version."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student97	1	0	25 to 34	Male	1: Indonesia	1: USA	1: PA	1: Indonesian	Fully fluent (non-native speaker)	"UTC -05:00 (Eastern Time Zone US & Canada, Western parts of South Am[firstname]a and the Caribbean)"	Bachelors Degree	12-15 hours per week	8	2	5-Mar	I want to build helpful tools for people to learn subject related to information security field	I believe CS degree will help me to find better job	"Infosec training and education is in high demand currently, people want to learn information security, university starting to open infosec master degree. I want to build online site to help people learn information security and this tool will prepare them for various infosec job. "	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student98	1	0	25 to 34	Female	1: United States	1: United States	1: Georgia	1: English	Native speaker	"UTC -05:00 (Eastern Time Zone US & Canada, Western parts of South Am[firstname]a and the Caribbean)"	Bachelors Degree	6-9 hours per week	5	2	0	"Since my specialization is Interactive Intelligence, I wanted to take this elective to fulfill the requirements of the program. I also have a daughter in Kindergarten, so I want to spend more time researching and preparing technologies that would make her future in education as close to immaculate as possible."	I want to become a skilled software developer. 	"1.Safety in Education Technology (Prevent crime)2.Big Data in Education Technology (Data Bases and Servers)3.Interactive Learning (More Visual Learning Technologies)"	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see; however, please only post an anonymized version."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library; however, please only post an anonymized version."	I do not agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student59	1	0	25 to 34	Male	1: USA	1: USA	1: CO	1: English	Native speaker	"UTC -07:00 (Mountain Time Zone US & Canada, Western Mexico)"	Bachelors Degree	12-15 hours per week	4	1	1	"I feel like this is an excellent application of some of the more pure technological concepts I've learned elsewhere in the program (machine learning, computer vision, KBAI)."	"Want to get more formal CS knowledge, coming from a non-CS background. Price and flexibility were attractive."	"Two main ideas:Recommendation system for teachers to find classroom rea[lastname]g textsSpa[firstname]l timeline builder for creating visuals for history lessons."	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student99	1	0	25 to 34	Male	1: USA	1: USA	1: MD	1: English	Native speaker	"UTC -05:00 (Eastern Time Zone US & Canada, Western parts of South Am[firstname]a and the Caribbean)"	Bachelors Degree	6-9 hours per week	2	0	3-Feb	"I've always been interested in how technology can be used to improve education and educational opportunities, particularly for the disadvantaged. One of the big draws for me for the OMSCS program was that the MOOC style allows for a community college-cost tuition--while hopefully provi[lastname]g the same or better quality. I also thought KBAI in which [firstname] was heavily involved was a great class."	I have been wanting to further my studies in CS--and OMSCS seemed like a great and interesting option. I had taken a few other online courses and thought I could do the work well. I was also excited about the idea of a Masters program through an MOOC. 	"Not exactly. Maybe research into expan[lastname]g the ideas of OMSCS for graduate school to the undergraduate level. Or research into decentralized teaching--expan[lastname]g the content of and access to material in udacity, coursera, etc. as a cornerstone for the next generation of wikipedia--and the infrastructure for facilitating something like that (ability to vote on whether something is reliable, sourced, etc.; ability to add an interactive learning feature to open-source content)."	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student100	1	0	35 to 44	Male	1: United States	1: United States	1: Georgia	1: English	Native speaker	"UTC -05:00 (Eastern Time Zone US & Canada, Western parts of South Am[firstname]a and the Caribbean)"	Doctoral Degree	9-12 hours per week	4	0	5-Mar	"Though I've used (and created) instructional technology for many years now, I've never had any formal coursework or studied any of the literature on the subject. I know I have two or three papers-worth of material to publish on the subject, but have never dived into the literature enough to even know where to publish or what the expectations are. This isn't a lack of interest. Just a lack of time to devote to it. Taking the course is a good way to allocate the needed time.I'm also looking to create a new, relatively complex educational technology tool. Again, a great opportunity to put myself in a situation to do this ""right""."	Mostly for self-fulfillment. Partly to keep from having to fill out SACS justifications every few years so that I can teach CS courses. :)	"Borrowed from Piazza: I'd like to create a system that does some degree of autogra[lastname]g. Student submits a URL. We copy all of the pages into Git (or something) so we can maintain a history of submissions. Then we run a set of checks against the DOM for HTML structure and CSS declarations. Maybe give immediate feedback. Maybe allow resubmission based on feedback. Maybe not. But regardless, 80% of my work is done at this point. The other 20% will be hand gra[lastname]g to a rubric (and overri[lastname]g the auto grader if needed).That's the ""easy"" part. The hard part (if this is going to be a real product and not a one-off for me) is the administrative GUI. How do you define the rules / gra[lastname]g rubrics / etc.? Import a ""good"" version of a site and tag the elements that are important? Or create a definition language based on CSS selectors for setting up the rules? Or both? Or something I haven't even considered?Ideally we'd also make it so it can be integrated into learning management systems so that feedback and grades flow back in. Not sure how difficult this is, but it would be nice."	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"[lastname]	[firstname]	Student101	1	0	35 to 44	Male	1: United States	1: United States	1: Wisconsin	1: English	Native speaker	"UTC -06:00 (Central Time Zone US & Canada, Eastern Mexico, Central Am[firstname]a)"	Bachelors Degree	12-15 hours per week	0	1	10-May	I plan on becoming an Instructor and this class seemed to fit.	I am in an unique situation being that I am a par[firstname]l quadriplegic and have goals. I believe the only way I will obtain these goals is to have a Masters or better.	I am wide open for whatever.	"Yes, you may post my work for other students in this semester's class to see."	"Yes, you may post my work for students in future semesters of CS6460 to see."	"Yes, you may post my work to the publicly-viewable class library."	I do not agree to participate in the study described above.	"Yes, I've added it!"